Monal S: Good morning.
Monal S: Good morning to all of you.
Monal S: Good morning. Hello. I'm doing good, guys. How was…
Monal S: How are you doing, guys? How is everyone?
Monal S: Thanks, Vince. Thanks for letting me know.
Monal S: the acronym.
Monal S: Because it will be good, in 2 days.
Monal S: Hey, Christine. Hey, Kristias. Good morning, everyone. Good morning, guys.
Monal S: Morning.
Monal S: There you go
Monal S: It's not clear, but… Came to the zero, zero level.
Monal S: Good morning, guys, good morning.
Monal S: You guys practiced enough?
Monal S: That is enough for the class, revised the concepts.
Monal S: Good morning.
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: Your voice sounds a little away from the mic. It is in the usual place.
Monal S: Give me a second.
Monal S: That is good, guys.
Monal S: Oh, it's not clear? Guys, is my voice not clear?
Monal S: Oh, is it better now?
Monal S: Is it good now?
Monal S: The volume was… Little off.
Monal S: Lower side. Better? Little bit echo. Guys, echo… let me check for the echo.
Monal S: Because if I try to turn on AI for the echo, that is kind of going to change my voice also.
Monal S: How's the echo now?
Monal S: It's good.
Monal S: This is good.
Monal S: Alright. This AI will change the voice, okay?
Monal S: Alright, practice, lot of pandas, that's great, guys, awesome, awesome. Yeah, let's go, let's start our class, okay?
Monal S: So, let me start sharing my screen, and then…
Monal S: First, I need to open some softwares.
Monal S: Give me a second… Today is the last day of February 2026.
Monal S: And I think in this past 2 months, we have covered a lot.
Monal S: Yep.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: I hope my screen is visible, guys.
Monal S: Please confirm.
Monal S: Yes? No?
Monal S: For some reason, I'm seeing this green border around my screen.
Monal S: Just give me a second, maybe it is a new Zoom version or something? I didn't like it. Okay, I can't do anything. Okay, let's talk about today's agenda.
Monal S: Yeah, near look.
Monal S: Today is 28.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: What is today's agenda, guys?
Monal S: What is today's agenda?
Monal S: Pandas, today is Panda's last class, then I will be introducing you Good.
Monal S: Okay? Git is a tool, not for data science, but for developers, okay? So we'll be able to complete pandas, and Git does not require a lot of classes, we just need to understand what it is, and later we can figure it out how to use it more. But for now, we just require very few simple things that we will be doing in the Git, okay?
Monal S: So this is what we will do.
Monal S: And if I talk about what we did in the previous class, in the previous class, if I show you that it's on 25th.
Monal S: The last section of the previous class was… Just kidding me a second.
Monal S: Zoom is giving me a green border around the application, which is…
Monal S: Little annoying. Just checking how to remove it, okay.
Monal S: I will deal with it later.
Monal S: Okay, so in the previous class, if I see, we were working with strings, right? We were working with characters. Not just sorting, but we started working with the string…
Monal S: class of the data frame. String method of the data frame, and then there we have a lot of different components. So, we were talking that working with text data in pandas, we… we checked lower, upper, capitalized, and then length. Yes, is this part clear to everyone?
Monal S: Was this clear to the… to everyone?
Monal S: Yes, string accessor in bundles. Yes. Okay, so what I'm going to do, I am going to disable it.
Monal S: Shangi, what is that?
Monal S: Shivangi, I will check it, okay? I will check the community, and we'll check it. Thank you, thanks for sharing.
Monal S: Audit.
Monal S: So, in the previous class, we have seen that we had a column. If you don't remember that, this is our titanium data frame, and in this data frame, we have…
Monal S: multiple columns, some of them are numerical, some of them are textual characters, string, all of them are kind of same, right? And we have seen that if I want to know name, and what
Monal S: Usually, on an average… currently, this is not an average, but if I want to check the length of each and every person's name, some of them having 23 characters in their name, some of them are having 51, some of them are having 19, alright? So this is just to check which of them is having this much length.
Monal S: And the next thing that I want to talk about is replacing it. Here you can see on this name, some of them has Mr, right? Mr. Some of them will have Sir as well, right? So we will have all of that. So what I want to do, let's suppose I want to replace all of them, Mr. with Sir.
Monal S: And, we have seen that in Python, that if I just want to replace the… the word is dot replace, and then it will be replaced with what the… what is the word which you want to replace, yes? So if I say that I have a string.
Monal S: And, I want to replace all the M with, let's say… Double it.
Monal S: So now, this M will be replaced by double M. So the same functionality is also available in Pandbox.
Monal S: So here, this is what we have to write it. We have to write that what is the column which we want to target.str.replace the method name. I want to replace all the Mr. with SER, alright? And regex equals to false. I will talk about regex.
Monal S: But regex equals to false. And then what I'm doing at the end, I just want to see head, okay? This one will replace it.
Monal S: And done. But at the end, it will provide me a data frame, and I want to see the 5 first rows of the data frame. So if I do that, I will be able to see. Previously, it was Mr, now it is, sir. But if I check, again, the head of the original.
Monal S: It is still Mr. So if you want to do it, we have to create a copy, or we can save it back to the name. We can save the whole thing back to the original name.
Monal S: Or we can create a copy.
Monal S: Yes, or we can create a copy.
Monal S: If you create a copy, we have to save it into a new data frame, alright? But this time, if only if you want to do it, or you can create a new one, that is.
Monal S: replaced.
Monal S: Then all the values of this will be replaced with… will be replaced, and it's saved into a new column.
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: Are you clear, everyone?
Monal S: Are we clear? See, now that we understand programming well, it is very easy to understand what we're trying to do. Yes?
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: This is not changing it, but this one will change it. So, for now, let me remove…
Monal S: Only after practicing it, we will be good.
Monal S: New data frame? No.
Monal S: This one will give us head, but we should not be using head if you want to save it. I mean, hey man, okay? Next, are we able to see some names with brackets?
Monal S: What is that index? Guys, if I have to target this index, what is the code I will be writing? Tell me.
Monal S: What is the code I will be writing?
Monal S: BF… Can I use lock? I can use lock. I can use iLock as well, but lock will work.
Monal S: What is the full syntax?
Monal S: If I do lock of 1, I will get the whole thing. Now, in that one, I want to access
Monal S: I want to access the name.
Monal S: Then I will get the full name. There is another way. What is another way?
Monal S: Yes, we remember both of them.
Monal S: Don't say, sir, how.
Monal S: all the things we have already completed before, okay? So we are able to see that there are some names which have these brackets in them, yes, which have these brackets in them. Now, I… what I want, I want to remove all
Monal S: This whole thing can be…
Monal S: Let me check what this can be.
Monal S: What do we call this?
Monal S: Maybe they are…
Monal S: let's call it as a part of string, okay? A substring. So let's suppose if we want to remove a part of the original string, but can we call that part a substring? Yes.
Monal S: Can we call that part a substring? Yes. So, let's suppose I want to remove all the substring… any name that has a bracket in it, we want to remove it. So, what is the…
Monal S: Do we know any method that we can… that we can use here to remove it?
Monal S: Do we have any method which we can use to remove it?
Monal S: Currently, if I check… currently, if I check, if I do something like, do we have fined? Let's see that.
Monal S: Find will give me the index.
Monal S: brackets will give me the index, then I can do the slicing, I can say that
Monal S: If this index itself is starred.
Monal S: Oh, I heard.
Monal S: This is one of the methods, yes or no? How many of you thought that this can… we can do this?
Monal S: How many of you thought that we can do this?
Monal S: See, I didn't even know Find was there, but I know when Python and others, we have seen that, right? Start and save. And when I do.
Monal S: Let's say, what I want to do?
Monal S: 0 colon, start, plus…
Monal S: Start, colon.
Monal S: That's right, okay? --
Monal S: This is all the way, right? When we do all the way, I want till the end, and it is giving us this.
Monal S: But, if I do, minus 1, then it is going. Okay?
Monal S: Are we able to remove the brackets?
Monal S: Guys, are we able to remove the brackets programmatically? Will this function work with all the cases?
Monal S: It will work with all the cases, yes or no?
Monal S: This will work with all the cases. So this is our programmatical approach of the same thing. And what you can do later, can we create a function?
Monal S: Can we create a function to do this?
Monal S: Guys, last line. How many… how many of you here does not understand this? Guys, tell me.
Monal S: How many of you does not understand the last line?
Monal S: Guys, we understood Python for… Not understood.
Monal S: This line is giving us the name. Is this part clear?
Monal S: This is the index one, we are getting the name. Is this part clear?
Monal S: This is slicing, guys.
Monal S: what I want is, from the zero… see, what I want, this… if this is my name, and I want to remove the bracket, and I want to remove the bracket, then what do I need?
Monal S: What do I need?
Monal S: I need…
Monal S: this part, where can I get this part? If I know the index of bracket, if I do 0 colon till all the bracket, bracket will be exclusive, yes or wrong?
Monal S: Bracket will be exclusive, yes or no.
Monal S: We know the syntax. So, 0 till this point. Where is this point? Start?
Monal S: Are we clear that the start point is giving us this part.
Monal S: Now, what we want… What we want? We want anything after this bracket. We want anything after this bracket.
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: This one is a little incorrect. This should be end plus 1. So, if the last bracket, guys, if the last bracket is, the end, do we want to start with the last bracket?
Monal S: If the last bracket itself is the end, do we want to start with the last bracket? No. We want to start with… we want to start with whatever is at after the end, yes or no?
Monal S: Yes, whatever is it after the end, till whatever is left.
Monal S: tell whatever is left. So if I run it now.
Monal S: Is it good now? Are we able to understand?
Monal S: So guys, I know this is… there is a little bit of logic behind, but okay.
Monal S: I am giving you…
Monal S: Guys, there is this code on the screen, okay? Empty spaces, we are not talking about spaces here right now, okay? Guys, are we talking about a space, removing the space here? If you want to remove the space, can't we do str.strip?
Monal S: You guys don't know how to remove space?
Monal S: Because there is a space here!
Monal S: Space is included because there is a space here.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: What I want to do, I will give you a few minutes. I will paste this whole code. You will not be able to copy, but I will paste this whole code
Monal S: And… I want you to create a function
Monal S: I want you to create a function, and then apply this thing, apply this thing of removing brackets to the column name.
Monal S: to the column name itself. How many of you will be able to do it?
Monal S: So, you have to create a function and use apply. Panda's apply, we have seen, yes? So, code, I am pasting, whatever I've written.
Monal S: Give me the full code of function, plus the apply, method.
Monal S: on the name.
Monal S: on the DataFrame DF, okay?
Monal S: So, here, right now, it is 9.14. I'm giving you… 3 minutes.
Monal S: 9-17, I will check.
Monal S: Disable the chat.
Monal S: I know, I've given you a little less time, but… Still
Monal S: If you have figured out how to do it, you can code it later. How many of you are able to figure out how to do it?
Monal S: I have given you everything.
Monal S: But, again, you cannot do copy and paste whatever I've given. Guys, you cannot do copy and paste whatever I've given.
Monal S: Do you want me to show the code? I will also… I was also doing the coding.
Monal S: That's great, awesome.
Monal S: I'm not sure how many of you have tested it, but see this code now. Everyone?
Monal S: RemoveSubString is my function name, it accepts a name, because we are going to pass the name only, so it will accept a variable.
Monal S: And then, name.find, it will not use data frame, it is a series now. Name.find, name.fame start, and name of start, we have to save it back, right?
Monal S: Some of you are only writing this, but if you don't save, how you're going to get the final name? Then I did the strip to remove any spaces. If you want, this is optional, then I'm returning the new name. When I did dfname.apply.
Monal S: this remove string, I am saving it back to a name trained. Now, this is a name-trained column. And when I'm doing df.logofName, this is the original name, df.logof named, or the same name, this is the updated one.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: Everyone, are we clear?
Monal S: This is what we taught.
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: So guys.
Monal S: Lot of you are asking, lot of you always ask, give me the industry, give me the real-world practical.
Monal S: Rear word particle does not have a steps in between. You have to use your brain to solve the problem that solved. You will say, don't this pattern in dataset. Is it about returning dataset?
Monal S: Guys, Is this about Titanic dataset?
Monal S: It's not about identity.
Monal S: If you all… if you wanted to become an engineer who is always stuck in, I want to work with financial data, I want to work with this data, you will always be stuck in that level.
Monal S: Work with data. Data is what we are here for. We are data scientists. We are not financial data scientists. We are not satellite data scientists. We are not there. We want… we just want to be data scientists who will work with any kind of data.
Monal S: Until and unless there is a logic, we will be able to figure it out. Alright? Clear? So this is what we did, this is what we did with creating our own… create… using a lot of methods, using our previous concepts to solve a query. What was our problem? Our problem was to remove this subspring.
Monal S: Do we have, are we removing only the Florence bricks there, or we are removing a particular kind of
Monal S: substring from the name. Yes? Are we removing? Yes. We are removing a particular kind of substring. This particular substring has some kind of a common pattern.
Monal S: We are able to find it from the pattern. Pattern was starting bracket, ending bracket, and anything that has that, our function will run. So, when we talk about pattern, here you are able to see that there is some name. Yes, regex.
Monal S: Okay? Regex, we have set… we have set it to… we have set to false. So currently, we are not using regex.
Monal S: And if I talk about when regex equals to true, you have to write regular expressions. So, let me write the same thing with replace substring with regex.
Monal S: Previously, we were replacing the substring with our own function. Yes, we were replacing the substring with our own function, but now what we will do, we will replace with RECX.
Monal S: This is called as the regular expression. Okay.
Monal S: You guys will tell me in the chat. You guys will tell me in the chat.
Monal S: our substring that we want to target. The pattern that we want to target starts with
Monal S: The pattern that you want to target starts with… bracket.
Monal S: The pattern, what we want in between.
Monal S: After we found the bracket, what we are looking for in between? Text, name, anything, string, yes?
Monal S: After the bracket, we are looking for anything in between.
Monal S: And we have seen that during the import, if we want to import something, if you want to import all, what do we… what do we… what I have written there?
Monal S: What… what character means all? Tell me. What character means all?
Monal S: asterisk.
Monal S: Yes, asterisk means all.
Monal S: And… What we want to end with?
Monal S: What we want to end with? Rank it.
Monal S: This set our base. Now, I will, based on the regex, I will write some of the things.
Monal S: In regex, bracket means starting, opening of a parenthesis.
Monal S: This is also some kind of a code in regex, but do we want code, or we want to match the actual string?
Monal S: Do we want code, or we want to match the actual string? When you want to match the actual string in regex, you write bracket, because
Monal S: This bracket means something in regex.
Monal S: We don't want to use that. Guys, if I want to use PaaS,
Monal S: This is a keyword of… this is a keyword of…
Monal S: Python. If I want to use this pass, I have to make it something that we know.
Monal S: Yes, kind of underscore pass or something. So, similarly, this bracket means something in regex. I don't want to teach you regex, I'm just showing you what we can do. And then, if we want literal bracket, if we want literal bracket, we will use slash.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: So this is a combination.
Monal S: Where do we need to add the slash again?
Monal S: Where do we need to add the slash again? At the end.
Monal S: So… Slash. Are we clear now?
Monal S: slash bracket slash bracket to tell the regex engine that we literally want these brackets. Yes, escape characters.
Monal S: Is this part clear to everyone? Literal bracket.
Monal S: Okay? Literal opening parenthesis is the main technical term. Now.
Monal S: This asterisk means zero or more.
Monal S: Asterisk means… Zero or more.
Monal S: Okay? Asterisk means zero or more, but there is one term which we are missing. In regex, dot means
Monal S: match?
Monal S: any character.
Monal S: Are we looking for character?
Monal S: or numbers. We are looking for characters, any characters. So before dot, we need to write dot.
Monal S: So, we are looking for…
Monal S: brackets, we are looking for strings that are starting with bracket, looking for all the characters, and it should be either 0 or more than… more than 0, okay? And then we were looking for closing bracket. Is everyone able to understand from high level?
Monal S: Is everyone able to understand from high level?
Monal S: So this is what? This is called as a regex pattern.
Monal S: Now, what we will do, everyone, what we will do, I will copy where we were doing the recaps. I will copy this part.
Monal S: Okay? I will copy this part.
Monal S: And instead of telling… instead of telling, let's suppose I don't want to replace with sir.
Monal S: I want to replace with… Hello.
Monal S: But which string I want to target?
Monal S: which string I want to target, I want to target everything that has bracket in it.
Monal S: This is… this will tell that everything that has a bracket in it. And what is this? This is a regex string, so we need to make it as true.
Monal S: So what we are trying to do here, we are trying to replace anything that comes with starting bracket, closing bracket, and any character in between, we want to replace with hello. Are we clear?
Monal S: Everyone, are we clear?
Monal S: No, Doug.
Monal S: Okay? Let's try… Let's try and see…
Monal S: Whether we will get this value or not.
Monal S: It is saying that this is an invalid escape sequence because… Because… Let me show you.
Monal S: We have to write R. R tells raw string, okay? Guys, R tells our Python that it is a raw string, okay? So we need to write R.
Monal S: And what else I'm missing? Just let me check what else I am missing here.
Monal S: Asterisk slash bracket. It looks cool. Everything looks good here.
Monal S: We… oh, we haven't commented this, yes?
Monal S: Now, see.
Monal S: If we don't use R,
Monal S: Then we need to use brackets. Guys, why do we need to produce brackets? In Windows.
Monal S: In Windows.
Monal S: We use double slashes. If you want to use, yes, if you want to use a single pattern that will work in… in Windows, if you want to work a single pattern that will work in both Mac OS and Linux, you will use r tells raw string, and then remove the double slash. This code will work in all the systems. Are we clear?
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: So, now I will tell you this.
Monal S: It's better.
Monal S: Hi, everyone.
Monal S: What is regex?
Monal S: Regular expression. It's expression. It's a powerful sequence of characters defining a search pattern.
Monal S: Used for string pattern matching, text manipulation, and data validation. It enables efficient searching, editing, extraction text.
Monal S: And a lot of languages, Java, JavaScript, Python supports this regex.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: So, if we want to find certain kind of a pattern, guys, we did the same thing, we did the same… if I replace it with sir, it will be sir. If I replace with nothing.
Monal S: This same code, what I'm able to write here, I have written with… These two.
Monal S: These two, I have to do it. But with the help of regex, I'm able to target directly what I want.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: Guys, are we clear?
Monal S: So, using this pattern, we were able to target… using this pattern, we were able to target things like this.
Monal S: But if we don't want to use regex to target this, we have to write our own logic.
Monal S: Whatever that logic is, they have to write it.
Monal S: So, regex is used for, let's suppose, guys, when you type something like this, let's suppose you're… first, you're registering to Facebook, and you're typing something like, hello at the rate.
Monal S: G-h-a-i-l dot com. Is this a valid email address?
Monal S: Is this a valid email address?
Monal S: Okay? This one is…
Monal S: Guys, if there is a company called as GHAI, then, they might use it, okay? But let's suppose I will say.
Monal S: Is this a valid email address?
Monal S: This is not a valid email address, guys. At the rate, GHAL can be a company, and they can create their own email address. But is this valid? No. So, to check what is valid or not, what we have to do, we have to write our own Python logic.
Monal S: We have to write our own Python logic.
Monal S: But, what we can also do, we can also create a regex pattern, and regex pattern will tell us whether this email is correct or not.
Monal S: So, we have to write a regex pattern, which will check whether it has 2 at the rate, whether it follows a pattern like this. After at the rate, there is some string. Before at the rate, there is some string. There should be a dot in between. Yes, is this a pattern or not?
Monal S: for a mail, for an email, there needs to be at the rate, there needs to be a dot, and then whatever the domain is, AI, it can be COM, it can be anything. So, we require some kind of a string, dot. Dot means a string, we require something like this.
Monal S: So we have to write a regex pattern. Else, we have to write our own Python logic to create it.
Monal S: Is everyone clear how to find… how to filter things? There are two ways.
Monal S: One is Pythonic, one is Regales.
Monal S: So, my main thing is, I just want to show you that things are possible with Regex, but
Monal S: I will not suggest you to learn regex.
Monal S: Okay? I will not suggest you to run LearnRigets. I will tell you what you have to do.
Monal S: I will tell you what you have to do.
Monal S: Just wait, okay?
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: See what I'm doing. Everyone, I just searched on Google, you can go to Google, Gemini, you can go to ChatGPT, but I'm showing you the simplest method. I just…
Monal S: I wrote, I want to learn a regex in Python. Arigatx is same, but I want to learn in Python. What I will do, I will go to dive deeper in AI mode. Again, I'm just… I'm not going into Gemini and ChatGPT. Then what I will do.
Monal S: I want to validate If the given…
Monal S: Email address is valid using regex.
Monal S: and pipe.
Monal S: AI is there. Now, I'm… I will not suggest… see, it is giving us sigax.fullmatch. There is a library called as regex, and then this is a pattern to check the email.
Monal S: Are we supposed to, remember all of this? Guys, does it make sense to remember all of this?
Monal S: It is giving you explanation that this particular thing means alphanumeric plus symbols in username. Guys, regex requires a lot of hard work, so what we need to do?
Monal S: This pattern will give you regex, and then this function is what it is doing. It is using the import or write library from regex, and it's checking… we need to do the full match. Full match of, user will provide the email.
Monal S: We will… we will use that email and test it against the pattern. If it matches, we will return true. If it matches, we will return false. Let's copy and paste this code and run it.
Monal S: Okay? And run it.
Monal S: We do need to learn that… see this, Regis, we don't have to install it. So this is the function, this is the function, and then these are some of the examples. Tell me, is this correct?
Monal S: Tell me, is this correct?
Monal S: Is this correct?
Monal S: I'm not sure about this one. Let's see.
Monal S: It is valid, it is invalid, it is invalid. Let's add this example of add the rate at the rate.
Monal S: Regex is very fast, but you have to utilize… if you want to learn regex, feel free to learn regex. There are a lot of cool websites where you can learn regex, but it will not be that much fruitful. Are we able to understand why it is not fruitful? Because we have AI.
Monal S: For this, we don't have to use our logic. Things like this is where we are supposed to use AI.
Monal S: Yeah, it can become very complex.
Monal S: Alright?
Monal S: So, my suggestion is to find that pattern, what you want to find from the regex, and then replace it, use AI, and then done. You can see this R
Monal S: Okay, R is raw text.
Monal S: Yeah, no need to reinvent the wheel or something, you don't have to write the full code.
Monal S: Okay? So if you want to find this, I will write…
Monal S: the code of the regex that we have written here, reading.
Monal S: R means raw string literal. Tells Python not to interpret slash.
Monal S: Yes, because Python will interpret slash as path. Is it a path?
Monal S: Is this a pod?
Monal S: It's not a path. We want it to work differently.
Monal S: Slash bracket means… Matches a literal opening parenthesis.
Monal S: Okay? We want to literally match this bracket. Then dot asterisk means dot matches any character, asterisk means zero or more of these characters.
Monal S: No, you… Manish, you haven't missed it. Then this one is, matches a literal closing bracket. Are we clear now?
Monal S: Hi, everyone!
Monal S: If you don't want to use R in Windows, you have to use that path of double slash, that is an escape character.
Monal S: Don't worry about too much. Don't focus too much on regex.
Monal S: We have seen that, guys, yes.
Monal S: To teach me re… to teach you guys regex, it would have taken 2-3 classes, but it will never be fruitful, because we have n number of possibilities, we have n number of examples to learn all of this. See this, how complex it is. We don't want to learn it. So, guys, do we know how to find
Monal S: Litera means, literally, tan mat.
Monal S: Okay? Literal means that correct, okay?
Monal S: Yeah, guys, so always use this R1, because if you use double slash, it might fail in Windows and Linux, Mac and Linux. So always use this R. You can see, even when you do use AI, it will also give you this R.
Monal S: Okay? So guys, what are we supposed to do when we… when we have to match something with regex?
Monal S: What we have to do when we have to match something with the regex?
Monal S: Go to AI, use AI, find out the exact regex, try multiple things, and done.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Done.
Monal S: Otherwise, you will find website, you might find book to just understand regex. I showed you a very simple thing, but things are not that simple, okay? See this, if I do the F… see, when I press Ctrl plus F,
Monal S: This is VS Code, fine. And here, you are able to see, use regular expression, yes or no.
Monal S: Use regular expression. So, it also allows you to find us, find things in regular expression. Do we want to find things in regular expression? No, we don't.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: I personally don't use it a lot, but in programming, you will be using it in some of the places. Done.
Monal S: Alright?
Monal S: Clear. Awesome.
Monal S: Next.
Monal S: Let's jump to the next part.
Monal S: Let me close this. What is this file? Oh, this is the previous class.
Monal S: Yes, there is a playground, but that will scare a lot of people.
Monal S: For me, the gates was never fun.
Monal S: Good for small things.
Monal S: But for large things, it's better for AI, better to go with AI.
Monal S: Okay, next is split and access elements. We have seen this, right? That this is the name, this is the name of the first person. We can also do this without log. Guys, why is it working without log? Because this is also one of the methods to do the indexing of the data frame.
Monal S: This is also one of the methods to index with data frame.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: We have seen that.
Monal S: And let's suppose I want to get person's surname.
Monal S: We want to get person's surname.
Monal S: Tell me the pattern which separates
Monal S: Name from the surname in this particular string.
Monal S: Tell me… Comma.
Monal S: Guys, comma is that pattern.
Monal S: DOT is not. DOT does not separate name and surname.
Monal S: So what I will do, I will use split of the string.
Monal S: So, I will use df of name.str.split. I want to split by comma.
Monal S: Expand equals to false, expand if I keep it.
Monal S: See what will happen.
Monal S: And I want to see only 0.
Monal S: Okay? See this, what we are getting?
Monal S: What is this expand?
Monal S: Expand is by default false, we don't have to use expand. It is for, you can say, literal.
Monal S: Expand the split string into separate columns. We don't want to expand it, yes? Do we want to expand it? No. If we write expand equals to true.
Monal S: then we will get different columns. This is…
Monal S: Brand is the first one, then the second one is Cummings, then this one. It is actually separated the value, okay? We don't want it.
Monal S: the false is better. So false will give us this list that we can separate it later, alright? And if you want, this is for surname.
Monal S: Next is, if you want to get the first word.
Monal S: Guys, if I want to get this first word, whatever the first word is, what I should use, I should just use split.
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: If I just use split, it will split bias basis.
Monal S: So, let's see that. If I use split, means whatever is the by default. By default is space. It splits each and everything that is
Monal S: That is having the space in between this. There is a space, this is a space, there is also one space here. Here, there is also one space here.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: So this will give us the whole thing. Now, if I only want this brown, if I only want this brown, what I should do, if this is giving me a list, then I should do typecasting of STR,
Monal S: So, STR will be the whole string.
Monal S: What do we want from this whole string? We only want…
Monal S: the zero index.
Monal S: So… str.split.str of0, it will give us only the zero index of the whole name. Okay?
Monal S: Clear.
Monal S: Guys, now these are small, small things, okay? Not much concepts.
Monal S: Without STR also works, because it is already a STR, so it should work. No, it is not working. See this.
Monal S: I thought I shared it is not working.
Monal S: Yeah, partition is there. There are a lot of code, okay?
Monal S: So now, if I want to strip spaces, we already know how to strip it, but this is to split it, split with spaces. Now, if I want to remove spaces, we have already seen
Monal S: We can use… I've shown you in the function, we can use just strip.
Monal S: Do we know this?
Monal S: Yes.
Monal S: Okay? So, if I want to remove all the spaces, trailing spaces from the front side and the back side, I should be using .strip.
Monal S: If I only want, just like Python, if I only want to strip from the left side, I will be using L strip. If I only want to strip from the right side, I will be using R script.
Monal S: Okay? We are not able to see that difference because we need to check what spaces we have here.
Monal S: Okay? Yes, people are giving us this code that you can use it here.
Monal S: That name.split, then whatever the split is, you will first access the 0. 0 will give you this, and then 0.
Monal S: That is also good.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: This one is giving us a whole series, this one is giving us only the first one.
Monal S: Guys, you can try lay a lot of goods.
Monal S: Is this part clear, guys? Is this part clear?
Monal S: We have also seen the find. We were able to understand find. Guys, I have already completed find, but now I will teach you in the…
Monal S: In a series, that is, find… if I want to find Mr, this is what. We already know this.
Monal S: Guys, minus 1 means… Minus 1 means, if I'm finding Mr. in the name, minus 1 means…
Monal S: It is not present.
Monal S: Correct.
Monal S: minus 1 means it is not present. So, if you find minus 1, you will not find minus 8, you will only find minus 1, okay?
Monal S: So, I have already used the find, because I know Python. Without even knowing Pythas, I just…
Monal S: tried whether find is there in pandas or not. It was there, and we were able to create our own function. Yes, where is our function? This is. We were able to use find, because we know in Pandas, it might work. I tested it, it worked.
Monal S: And now we can see that Find is actually there.
Monal S: This is fine, alright? Next is, if I want to find total number of, miss.
Monal S: total number of character, total number of miss present in the dataset. So what I want to do? Count the passengers with miss in their names. So what we can do, I can still write df.str.contains. This will give me
Monal S: This will give me all the true-false. Contains. This is a new method now. The contains will tell whether it is true or false.
Monal S: Now that I have true and false, if I do the sum of Boolean value, if I do the sum of Boolean value, I will get, because
Monal S: false is 0, true is 1, right? Then I will get in the count, and if I replace the whole thing with… and I'm saving the count, I can just print the count. Total number of miss, total number of passengers with miss in the name is 182.
Monal S: Simple.
Monal S: Is this simple?
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Done.
Monal S: So this is about replace, and… Yep.
Monal S: One thing that I want to add is… just wait…
Monal S: Simple. Now I'm creating a data frame. Dummy data frame, name is John Doe, Jane Smith, Emily, Robert, Anna. So I have total number of 5 rows in name, and then there are 5 respective emails in their email column. If I create a data frame.
Monal S: And if I do df.head, I will get this.
Monal S: Now, what I want to do here, let's suppose I want, this name to look a little different, okay? I… now you can see that some people have a name of… this is 4567. 7 characters, this one is having…
Monal S: 9 characters, what I want is, I want all of them to follow a similar kind of a syntax.
Monal S: We have seen that before. So, if I do df.name.stri.pad, now I want to pad
Monal S: pad with hyphens, and I want total width to be 20, and I want them to be padded from the left side. If I do this.
Monal S: This hyphen will be padded from the left side, and the total width will be 20. We have seen this in NumPy, yes or no? Guys, we have seen the same in NumPy, but this time with pandas.
Monal S: This is, again, for visualization, because it changes the actual data. So if you don't want to do visualization, don't use it.
Monal S: So, anything that is more than 20, guys, anything that is more than 20 will be trimmed. We have seen the same.
Monal S: Guys, pandas, we are closing pandas, we have already completed majority of the pandas. These are all the simple things which we are doing, okay?
Monal S: Okay, so now that this part is done, we are jumping to a very important part of Pandas.
Monal S: Which we are going to use a lot in machine learning, okay? Which we are going to use in machine learning.
Monal S: So, let me show you this. Just wait.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Awesome.
Monal S: Let's suppose we have a group of students, Group 1.
Monal S: Group 2.
Monal S: Group 3.
Monal S: Group 4.
Monal S: Ankit, I will not suggest you to do practice, okay? That is not good.
Monal S: But I'm going to paste the whole thing later. See, I have, 4 groups of students, I have 4 groups.
Monal S: And, each of this group has some names. Let's say N1, And two, and three… N4…
Monal S: N5 and 6. Okay? N5 and 6. So each of these students, each of the students has their own attributes.
Monal S: Each of the students has their own attributes, that's why they belong together.
Monal S: That's why they belong together. Attributes, attributes.
Monal S: So let's suppose this is a data set.
Monal S: This is the data set that I got from school, or college, or university, whatever it is, right? Whatever the source is, we got this dataset from the source.
Monal S: And you can see how many students we have. We have total number of 6 students with their attributes.
Monal S: and with their respective groups. Group defines the cluster of… here, group is defining… group is defining the similar… the similarity in their attributes. Is this part clear?
Monal S: Groups defines the similarity in their attributes. Are we clear?
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Now, what I want to do, I want to create a machine learning. Guys, I want to create a machine learning model
Monal S: Where, if I pass, if I pass… a person attribute.
Monal S: If I pass a person attribute, my machine learning model should tell me that they belong to group 1, group 2, group 3, and Group 4.
Monal S: So later, we will see how machine learning can do all of this, but are we able to understand what we want? We want to pass person attribute, new person. Let's suppose this is person number 7. Do we know that person 7 will belong to which group?
Monal S: Do we know person 7 will belong to which group? No.
Monal S: But machine learning will do what? Machine learning will learn…
Monal S: Machine learning will learn based on 6 students.
Monal S: Based on 6th student or person, machine learning will understand what is the logic behind it, and then when you pass a new person, it will give us the category, whether it belongs to group 1, 2, 3, 4. Is this part clear to everyone?
Monal S: Is this part clear to everyone? This is called as classification. Don't worry, we don't… here, we are not learning about machine learning, okay? This is called as, classification, okay? Classification we can do with clustering, we can do with other parts, okay?
Monal S: So, in order to work with machine learning, now here comes the main important part. That's why we are learning partners.
Monal S: If I talk about machine learning, machine learning, when it tried to learn something, when it try to learn something, it does not understand text.
Monal S: The name of this group is text or number.
Monal S: The name of these groups are text or number.
Monal S: It is… Next.
Monal S: Machine learning, if it does not understand… if it does not understand text, how can we say that this is… these are the attributes in a tuple, person has different, different attributes. These are the attributes, and they belong to Group 1. Tell me.
Monal S: What is one of the ways to tell machine learning that these are the attributes, they belong to Group 1? If machine learning does not understand text.
Monal S: If machine learning does not understand text, what can we do with that?
Monal S: Can we convert Can we convert all of them to just numbers?
Monal S: Will that work?
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: So what we are doing, we are converting groups two categories.
Monal S: Categories can be numerical.
Monal S: Numerical categories, categorical can be anything. Yes or no?
Monal S: We are converting to something called as numerical categorical. This is called as encoding.
Monal S: We are encoding… we are encoding the actual values to their numerical part, okay? We are creating numbers from their… from their string part. Are you clear?
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: Okay? So, this is what we need to do. Also, Next thing.
Monal S: We understood about index… we understood about encoding, that machine learning understands number, that's why we have to do something with the string to make that number.
Monal S: Yes? Okay. Now let's suppose I have string.
Monal S: I have a string, something like… B… C… B, etc.
Monal S: Guys, is this bullion?
Monal S: Addited.
Monal S: Boolean indexing is there, but it's non-Boolean. Okay, everyone focus here.
Monal S: We have A, B, C, D. Right now, if I pass… right now, if I pass, all of these characters, or a string, whatever you want to call them, okay? All of this string, two pandas.
Monal S: Does Pandas know that A is bigger than D, or does Pandas know that A comes, B comes.
Monal S: after a… does Pandas know this?
Monal S: that D, character D comes after A. Right now, Pandas does not know this. So, if I… but to my machine learning.
Monal S: To my machine learning, does this verse actually hold some meaning as well in terms of sequence?
Monal S: to my machine learning, does these characters, does these words hold sequence? Yes. Guys, the more data to my machine learning, the better it is. If I talk about in real world, in real world, D comes after C, C comes after A, A comes after B.
Monal S: Don't we have a sequence? If I tell you to give me a character, give me
Monal S: character 16th position, will you give Z?
Monal S: Tell me, will you give Z?
Monal S: No, because character here has a sequence. They follow real-world sequence. Another example, if I talk about a string first.
Monal S: Second, third.
Monal S: At their base, they are strength, but do they have some meaning and sequence?
Monal S: At their base, they are just strings.
Monal S: But at… but after the base, do they have meaning?
Monal S: They have a sequence!
Monal S: Yes, first means it should come first, second means it should come after first, third means it should come after second and after first. So they do have a sequence, just like numbers.
Monal S: So, string does not hold that sequence, but numbers does. Yes or no?
Monal S: If I say 2 greater than 1, Is it true or false?
Monal S: Is it true or false?
Monal S: It's true. But in Pandas, if I do…
Monal S: If I do 2 greater than 1, Fast.
Monal S: It was actually second.
Monal S: What is the value?
Monal S: And does it even make sense now?
Monal S: Does it even make sense now to a string?
Monal S: But if we remove the programmatical part, if we just talk in terms of natural language, what is the answer?
Monal S: What is the answer?
Monal S: True.
Monal S: So, what we are trying to do, we want these strings.
Monal S: What we want to do, we want these strings to be…
Monal S: Convert it to a different data type that handles the sequence of it so that we can perform
Monal S: to handle… What should we say? What is the word?
Monal S: Yeah, to handle order.
Monal S: To handle the natural order.
Monal S: to handle order, yes? So we want something to be converted from this string, another data type, so that we can handle order. We can handle and sequence to do what?
Monal S: to-do… better… Logic separation, or to create logic from it.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: So, now we are going to learn a new data type in Pandas that will help this string to be converted to something which will help us perform logic like this from it.
Monal S: Done?
Monal S: So, one other thing which we have seen is encoding. Encoding will define what is their sequence. 1, 2, 3, 4. So, what we also want here.
Monal S: I can also use the same term which I'm saying, the current concept which you're going to learn, that currently Group 1 is not greater than group 2 is not greater than group 3, group 4. That does not have any kind of an order. So once we create order, guys, once we create order.
Monal S: Will I be able to do something like this?
Monal S: Based on the order I create, will I be able to do logical operation on top of it? Yes. I will be able to do logical operation on top of it, but in natural, by default, we will not be able to do it. So let's start on that.
Monal S: The concept is called as… Categorical data.
Monal S: So, what is categorical data?
Monal S: Categorical data is textual or labeled data that represent discrete categories.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: So…
Monal S: Discrete categories. So now if I talk about the data frame, let's say… let me create a new one if I can. Just do it, okay?
Monal S: Great, guys.
Monal S: If I have another example else, I will use the example that I had.
Monal S: Sit.
Monal S: Okay, maybe I have to create a new one.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Just wait, okay?
Monal S: Alright, let's create a new. Let's create a new. So what we will do…
Monal S: To create a data frame, we can do a few things. I will say…
Monal S: Let's say, I want to first work with name.
Monal S: And then let's write few names. I will write name of ABCD like that, okay?
Monal S: What I'm writing. Don't worry, I will… I will add the list later.
Monal S: ABC… The… and then all of them are a part of list.
Monal S: And then I will add another column.
Monal S: Called as groups.
Monal S: And I will say, G1… G2…
Monal S: G3… And in default.
Monal S: And this is also a list.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: I will say class data.
Monal S: How to create data frame from it?
Monal S: pd.dataFrame.
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: And then I will pass…
Monal S: class data, and then, yes, I will pass class data, and then I will get… Class, and DL.
Monal S: Let's see if it is working or not.
Monal S: This is our class data. This one looks correct. Now, if I say, if I want to say something like this…
Monal S: Bad?
Monal S: I want… I want all the columns, I want all the columns to be true if they are greater than G4.
Monal S: Okay? So if I want to say something like, DF of… groups.
Monal S: DF of groups greater than G4.
Monal S: Do we know…
Monal S: Guys, do we know that G4 or something is on the sequence? Will it work? Does it make sense?
Monal S: Does this statement make sense right now?
Monal S: No, this statement will not make sense right now. Now, let's suppose we will define our own order. Let's suppose we define our own order. We will say G3 is the strongest group, then G1, then G2, then G4.
Monal S: Okay, this is the order which I'm defining base from.
Monal S: Higher to lower.
Monal S: Now, if I tell you the answer, let's define the answer. If I say this statement, if I say this statement now, tell me what will be the G1, true or false.
Monal S: True or false?
Monal S: Is this G1 greater than G4? Is G1 greater than G4?
Monal S: True.
Monal S: G1 is greater than G4 from the sequence.
Monal S: Are we able to understand what are we trying to do here?
Monal S: Guys, are you able to understand what I've been trying to do here? So, how to do this? Currently, it does not support it. We have to create something called as… convert this column. If I show you what is this column, let's see the data type. The data type is…
Monal S: DF. Let's say, describe… describe is not the one, we have to use info.
Monal S: What is the data type of…
Monal S: No, not DF. Class DF, sorry.
Monal S: What is the data type of groups?
Monal S: Yes.
Monal S: Now, what I will do, say this, I will do pd.categorical. Now, what I'm doing, I'm converting, or you can convert the same column, or create a new. So, I am con… I'm creating a new…
Monal S: data… I'm creating a new data type, a new object, just like this string is a data type. I'm creating a new, called as categorical, and then what I will pass, which column I want to convert? I want to convert groups.
Monal S: Done. First is, I want to convert it to groups. Second is, I need to pass what are the categories. And in order, I need to pass it. Do I… do we have the order? Yes, we have the order.
Monal S: So, we will say G3, is the first one, G1 is the second, G2, and G4.
Monal S: Now, we will also say, are they ordered?
Monal S: Are they ordered already?
Monal S: Yes? Yes, we already ordered them.
Monal S: So this is what? This is our… Custom order.
Monal S: Okay? This is our custom order.
Monal S: And let me write… Higher to lower.
Monal S: Do we want to create a new… let's create a new group. Let's not save the old one.
Monal S: Let's save into a new one.
Monal S: This time, I will say, Group CAD.
Monal S: Just wait, something happened.
Monal S: Oh, it is not groups, it is group.
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: What is going on?
Monal S: It is groups, actually.
Monal S: But not sure why, because it is…
Monal S: Class DF, and it is groups.
Monal S: I have a habit of writing this in DF.
Monal S: Better?
Monal S: Let's run it now.
Monal S: Is it working? It's working. Now let's see class.info.
Monal S: Is it a new data type now?
Monal S: Yes.
Monal S: It's a new data type, and we can also check df.groupcat
Monal S: DF.groupcad.cat, because it is of categorical type. For stream type, we were using .str. For categorical, we are… yeah, sorry. Again, I'm using DF.
Monal S: For string, we were using .str. For categorical, we should use .cat and their methods. If I want to check their categories, these are the categories present in this data frame.
Monal S: Category's name is STR, but it belongs to a categorical column. Now, if I want to say… if I want to do this operation, let's see what happens. I know I have to remove the SDF.
Monal S: If I want to do this operation, let's see what happens.
Monal S: Does this category belongs in the categories? Does this category belong in the categories? Yes.
Monal S: Where is that?
Monal S: Guru Kat.
Monal S: See the answer now.
Monal S: All of them are false.
Monal S: If I do greater than or equal to, then 1 will be true. Which one? The G4 itself.
Monal S: G4 is the last one. If you see, G4 is the last one.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: Yes, this is good.
Monal S: But G4 is lower, yes! That's why everything is false. If G4 is lower, then how come others can become greater than G4?
Monal S: The last one, if you see, the last one is G for itself. Others are larger, that's why they are false.
Monal S: So guys, it is… What time it is?
Monal S: It is 10 or 9. Okay, are you guys tired? We can do, I think, we can do more, guys. In 10.30, we give break. Don't ask break before 10.30, okay?
Monal S: So, our… guys, what I was trying to do, what we did in this particular one, we want to create a order between the strings.
Monal S: Okay, we want to create the order between the strings, but natural… naturally, this data type of string does not support ordering.
Monal S: So what we did, we created a new data frame, we created a new column, or we converted that column to the categorical, because categorical supports categories. We defined the category in the order which we want, and then
Monal S: we… either you can save it into the groups, or you can save it into a new column. So what I did, I saved into a new column, so GroupCAD is the new column, which has the same values as the previous one, but this time, all of these values belongs to category, they are not in STR.
Monal S: Temir… If G3 is greater than G4, Where is it?
Monal S: Just wait, okay?
Monal S: What did I do?
Monal S: I think I did something differently. We defined the order… oh, it is an ascending guide, sorry.
Monal S: I wrote ascending, right?
Monal S: Thank you, Rhimer. It is in ascending order. If it is ascending means lower to higher. Are you clear?
Monal S: Ascending means lower to higher, so it is in lower to higher.
Monal S: Let me disable the channel.
Monal S: Everyone focus now.
Monal S: I had two columns, name and group. Name has names, group has group.
Monal S: Currently, if my requirement is, if I know that Group 4 is the strongest one, let's suppose Group 4 is the strongest, Group 1 is the weakest, something like this, okay? It means I need to have an order.
Monal S: Naturally, string does not have order. String means just characters, lot of characters, single character, multiple characters, that creates a string.
Monal S: But string cannot have logic. I cannot say A greater than B in string, it will not make sense. Because how can A be greater than B?
Monal S: But if I try to have an order of A and B, if A is 1, B is 2, then is A greater than B? If I say A is 1, and B is 2, and if I say A greater than B, it means
Monal S: It means I am trying to check…
Monal S: I'm trying to check, is 1 greater than 2?
Monal S: This one is false. So we are able to do this logical operation on some… on characters.
Monal S: When we create some kind of a logical order in them. Naturally, in strings, they don't have this order. String does not have this order. So, our problem statement cannot be solved by string. That's where this new concept comes in.
Monal S: concept of categorical. So, what we do, first we provide which column we want to make it categorical. Here, we are able to see I've created data frame name and groups. Groups contain four values. So, currently, what I want, I want this particular column to be a new data type categorical.
Monal S: Once that is categorical, it means I will be able to do logical operations.
Monal S: Greater than, equal to, smaller than are all.
Monal S: So, what I will do, I will convert this column to categorical. So, the code is pd.categorical of the column I want to do.
Monal S: Okay? Column I want to convert to categorical, and then I define the order I want.
Monal S: I want order of… G3 is the smallest. Guys, keep this in mind, this… we have to write it in ascending order, okay? We have to write it in ascending order. So, what we are doing, G3 is the smallest, then G1, then G2, then G4. So, here in this code, G4 is the largest.
Monal S: G3 is the smallest, ascending order, lower to higher, lower to higher, alright? So what we are saying, we are saying to convert this data to categorical.
Monal S: And all of these values that we have, G3, G1, G2, G4, you will also assign some kind of an internal number to it, yes?
Monal S: it will assign some kind of an internal number to it, just like I was saying that A will be 1, B will be 2, because we can perform 1 greater than 2, but we cannot perform A greater than B. So internally, it will assign them numbers.
Monal S: Internally, it will assign them numbers, so that we can do operations like this, greater than or equal to.
Monal S: So this particular code we have seen, we have told our pandas that this is the sequence. G3 will be 1, G2, G1 will be 2, G2 will be 3, G4 will be the fourth number.
Monal S: Okay, just for checking 0 greater than 1, 1 greater than 2, have some logical operation. And we said that whatever order we provide, is this ordered? Yes.
Monal S: This is something that is the order that we want. This is our custom order, so we have to make it true. Once it is done, do you want to create a new column and save into the same column? If you want to save into the same column of groups, you will be writing something like this.
Monal S: But this time, I'm keeping the original one as it is, and I'm saving into a new column of group cat.
Monal S: So now, in this data frame, we have a column that belongs to categorical, not just SDR. So now that this is a categorical, it means it follows a sequence. And if I do classdf groupcat.cat.categories, it means
Monal S: This column, it is not a part of STR, so we cannot use .str, I'm using .cat. And I'm using a attribute of it called as category, which will tell us
Monal S: what are the categories present in this column in ascending order. This maintains the order in which we provided here, G3, G1, G2, G4, G3, G1, G2, G4.
Monal S: And it is the order. Now that it has an order, if I do class data frame, this column, and if I do, is this value greater than G4? What is the number of G4 internally? I'm not showing you the number, but what is the number internally? Let's suppose the number is 4.
Monal S: Okay, let's suppose the number is… it is greater than 4, it will follow this order, and it will do one by one.
Monal S: Where is this value?
Monal S: It is… we have value here.
Monal S: Just wait. Okay? We have this value here. So if I do, what I'm trying to do here.
Monal S: Is G1 greater than G4?
Monal S: It will check what is their sequence. Is G1 greater than G4?
Monal S: Yes, G1 is greater than G4. Yes? No, this is an ascending order. G1 is smaller than G4. It is in ascending order, guys. Let me define the order as well. In the comments. In the comments, I will write it, so it is better for us to know.
Monal S: This is one… 2… 3… And food.
Monal S: If this is the order it created internally, and when I say, is G1 greater than G4?
Monal S: No.
Monal S: G4 is the largest.
Monal S: Is G1 greater than G4? No. Is G2 greater than G4? No. Is G4 greater than G4? Again, no. G4 is equal to G4.
Monal S: So when I do greater than or equals to, G4 equals to G4 will be true, others will be false.
Monal S: Is everyone clear now?
Monal S: Guys, are we clear?
Monal S: Hi, everyone!
Monal S: Clear?
Monal S: usage of this concept, I just told you now on the usage.
Monal S: Okay? I just told you now the usage. To define the order, now you can create it if you know all of this.
Monal S: We are creating our own logical things. I will now show you some other one. Where is it?
Monal S: Let's check the data frame. DF.head.
Monal S: Okay? Why we are only having two? Where is the original data frame? Let me bring the original data frame again.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: And let's do this operation.
Monal S: Okay? Then I will do df.head, and I have these many values. So what can we do here?
Monal S: Let's see the info, df.info.
Monal S: Which of the columns are a string?
Monal S: Ticket is a string, cabin is a string, we have cabin.
Monal S: Oh, we have a lot of cabin. Kevin is not a good value. What is embarked? Embarked is S and C. I'm not sure what is embarked, okay? I'm not sure what is embarked, but P class, P class is integer. I'm looking for string columns. So let's look for…
Monal S: Embark, and what are the different values it has.
Monal S: This is all the unique…
Monal S: Okay, these are all the unique values that are present in the embarked, alright? These are all the values that are present in the embarked. Do you know the sequence whether S is greater than C, greater than Q? Do we know the sequence?
Monal S: Nope.
Monal S: If I want to say whatever the involved received, I also don't know what is involved, okay? We can check on the internet what is involved in the dataset. Let me check now.
Monal S: Let me check now, on Google.
Monal S: Oh. Embarked is the port where a passenger boarded the ship.
Monal S: Okay? The port where the passenger boarded the ship, indicated by a singular letter code. Okay? And here, C means… I will tell you that as well.
Monal S: Because you guys will ask me later. C means… Shedbogg?
Monal S: Queenstown.
Monal S: And then… this. Okay, we already have, NAN. Guys, what is the code to remove NAN?
Monal S: What is the code to remove NAN?
Monal S: Let's suppose I want to fill it value by a new value, which we don't, because I will say n. N means we don't know, okay?
Monal S: Are we clear? And we will say we don't know. Is this fine?
Monal S: Is this fine?
Monal S: Now if I do unique, now if I do unique, I am getting SCQN. So let me define, N means…
Monal S: Not provided.
Monal S: Alright.
Monal S: So, let's define… let's define our own, sequence. This time, let's suppose I want to define… I… I got to know that Sherbog,
Monal S: the total capital of this particular, what is that? Is it a city? I'm not sure. Yeah.
Monal S: The total capital, the total capital of this particular Shabog is, let's say, This particular number.
Monal S: Okay? This particular number. It brings this amount of money.
Monal S: This capital, this port brings this amount of money, this capital brings this amount of money.
Monal S: One less zero.
Monal S: And then this one is unknown, so we are going to keep it as the list, because we don't know it. Alright, are we able to understand what I'm trying to do here?
Monal S: Are you able to understand what I'm trying to do here?
Monal S: how much money each city brings in total? How much money each city brings in total? We want to define the sequence. So, using this sequence in ascending order, tell me what is ascending order now.
Monal S: Tell me the ascending order now.
Monal S: N?
Monal S: S… C… Q.
Monal S: And using this technique, if I want to find Find… all the passengers…
Monal S: Find all the passengers who Let's say…
Monal S: Comment it? Yes, guys, I will comment it, don't worry, I'm not going to run.
Monal S: Find all the passengers, Who… His… Yeah
Monal S: Find all the passengers, What should I do?
Monal S: Expensive shitboarding?
Monal S: Oh, Southampton is a place where Titanic started, that's good.
Monal S: Okay, let's suppose we want to find capital spending, yes. Find all the passengers.
Monal S: Where the capital spending… where the capital spending is, let's say, greater than… this number.
Monal S: greater than this number. It means… S…
Monal S: So, if I can do greater than S, I want all the passengers where their capital spending is greater than this particular number. Will I be able to do that?
Monal S: Will I be able to do this with categorical?
Monal S: Will I be able to do this with this concept?
Monal S: Yes? So we have to first derive that string to a number counterpart, or a categorical number part.
Monal S: Okay? So, this is supposed what we are doing. And what I will do next, just convert the code.
Monal S: So what I can do, I can just write DF of… what is the column name? Column name is embargo. Okay? Column name is embarked.
Monal S: And then, if I directly convert as type, if I directly convert to categorical, what will happen now? Let's see.
Monal S: Let's see what happens now.
Monal S: I will say Embarked AutoCAD. It means it auto-generates.
Monal S: Let's see the sequence.
Monal S: Is this the sequence which we defined?
Monal S: Is this the sequence that we want?
Monal S: No. If we want our own sequence means, you can also check the code, guys. You can also check the code.
Monal S: Alright?
Monal S: So, if we want our own sequence, what do we want?
Monal S: We can copy this code, And then create our own sequence.
Monal S: I will say period.categorical. I want this column
Monal S: Yes, we need to set it manually. I want this column, I will say.
Monal S: Just wait, I'm not able to read it.
Monal S: N…
Monal S: as… oh, I have to change the order. This time, I'm reversing it, but yes, you understand, right, what we are trying to do? I don't have to correct it, that N is as… or which one is greater.
Monal S: Okay, and then I made it as this, and this time we will say…
Monal S: Custom. Instead of auto, we will say Custom, C-U-S-T.
Monal S: Done.
Monal S: Now, let's see…
Monal S: Is this the order we defined?
Monal S: Now, inline also define order with esteem.
Monal S: It can do that.
Monal S: But it will do automatically, I told you. It is doing something automatically based on the alphabetical order, okay?
Monal S: So, here we defined our own, and if you want to do something like this, something greater than
Monal S: S, then we will get roof phones.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: Guys, if there are 100 categories, then it is your requirement to give them number. You cannot do… you cannot automatically create the order. You… if you know the order, you have to write that order. You cannot do everything automatically.
Monal S: Are we clear? You cannot do everything automatically. And if I show you this value, does it have the same value as the original one?
Monal S: It has the same value, but now it is also giving you this logic.
Monal S: That we have defined in the ascending order. And if you want to see S belongs to which number, C belongs to which number here.
Monal S: You can print also… you can also print this column.cat, dot cat, dot codes.
Monal S: and .head to reflect the same thing, okay? So this will give us all of this S, C, S, S, S in their respective numbers. What is the number of… let's see that, okay? It is giving us 1.
Monal S: What is the value of S? This is 0, this is 1, this is 2, this is 3.
Monal S: 1, 1, 1, 1. All the SR1.
Monal S: all the CR, too. Are we able to understand?
Monal S: Is this the same concept which I told you at the very start, even before converting to categorical?
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: Everyone?
Monal S: It is.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: All right.
Monal S: Now, before going on break, before going on break, I want all of you On this column.
Monal S: On this column, I want you to convert
Monal S: The values of these columns to… To their encoding values.
Monal S: and encode them.
Monal S: You already know how to do it, you guys will do it now, okay? I will show you how many unique values it has, you guys have to write the code.
Monal S: It has only two values. Write the code to encode them in
Monal S: 0 and 1.
Monal S: Where are the weights, Sion?
Monal S: So, yeah, what weights you're talking about? Where is the weight?
Monal S: Guys, do it, then only we will go on break. If one person is able to give me the answer.
Monal S: Let's say, if 5 person is able to give me the answer, then we can go on break.
Monal S: Guys, and I'm telling you, you don't have to use the category curl in order to do it. Think about it.
Monal S: You already have everything
Monal S: present here, and in the previous class, I also told you how to do it. But not…
Monal S: To make it into 0 and 1.
Monal S: Do it!
Monal S: 2-3 minutes, take 2-3 minutes.
Monal S: It should not even take 2-3 minutes.
Monal S: So it's not people who just… who are telling it's not about… it's not about… we are not learning data science, guys, it's not about pandas.
Monal S: Tanme, what is that?
Monal S: Guys, I want a new column, which will have, instead of male and female, it should have 0 and 1.
Monal S: That is good, Dawal.
Monal S: That's good.
Monal S: Okay, Prince.
Monal S: I have got few things. This is from… Double.
Monal S: This is from Yadav.
Monal S: This is from Prince.
Monal S: Alright, let's try.
Monal S: I'm only gonna try this, okay?
Monal S: This one is Prince.
Monal S: Alright, let's try.
Monal S: Let's try running the first one.
Monal S: Working, let's see.
Monal S: dothead. Dothead will be able to… Working. Dawal code is working.
Monal S: Next.
Monal S: not working.
Monal S: Last.
Monal S: Let's see.
Monal S: working, okay? So this is a good new strategy, that is to replace female
Monal S: But we need to check if it is replacing in the order or not. The first one was…
Monal S: Let's see.
Monal S: If both of them are doing the same thing, df.head, but we only want This specific column.
Monal S: First is female, so yes, this one is working, and this same one is… being done… yeah.
Monal S: Yes, so both of them are same, it means both of them are working. So, now we have two possible solutions.
Monal S: I'm going to remove the name, but you can check.
Monal S: Got it. Custom.
Monal S: Add. That's done. Good job, guys.
Monal S: Alright?
Monal S: The other way I've used it. Is it working?
Monal S: Yadav, did you test your code?
Monal S: Yes, and the one I was looking for, the new one that we have not used it yet.
Monal S: Manoj.
Monal S: Can we use Lambda as well?
Monal S: Yes, this is also very simple.
Monal S: Sorry if I… Yadav, if I'm not using it correctly, but yours might also work. You can check it later, okay? But the main idea is that if you want to do it, we can… we have multiple methods to do it. Done? Yes.
Monal S: Alright?
Monal S: Is everyone clear?
Monal S: short, Exercise we had.
Monal S: Okay, this part is done. Guys, I'm giving break, just wait a second, okay? Just wait a second.
Monal S: I'm just checking if this topic is completed. Okay, this topic is completed. So, in pandas, we only have one last topic left, which I will teach you after break, and this is… it is not going to take long. Again, it is a little interesting, just like this categorical, but after that, we'll be done with Pandas. Alright?
Monal S: Then we will start the kit. We will be able to complete everything in today's class. Alright, so let me give you 15 minutes break.
Monal S: Fine.
Monal S: Guys, if we close the session soon, that is also a break for us, right?
Monal S: So if you're able to complete soon, let's close it.
Monal S: Excellent.
Monal S: Alright guys, see you after someone said 30 minutes also. Guys, let's do…
Monal S: On Monday, I will give you 24 hours break, okay? 24 hours break on Monday.
Monal S: Alright guys, see you, bye-bye.
Monal S: Alright. Hey, everyone. Hey, guys.
Monal S: How are you guys back?
Monal S: Are you there? Oh, sorry, the chat was disabled.
Monal S: My mistake. I guess?
Monal S: What do you guys had your breakfast?
Monal S: branch, branch… Not able to hear me?
Monal S: Guys, people are able to hear me, that's why they are…
Monal S: Replying. Fast today. Yes, able to hear.
Monal S: Breakfast, poha, only 1%, 2% poha.
Monal S: Probably means they are from Northside.
Monal S: Part of it, yes?
Monal S: her concept is not. Oh!
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Oh, I'm from a nurse.
Monal S: Oakmity.
Monal S: Not really. Oh, Ganesh!
Monal S: I didn't know that in South, also, we paid boha.
Monal S: Because even if I ask vendor, shop.
Monal S: Shopkeeper.
Monal S: that Tohai is used… they use it different. It is a different name. What… what do we call it?
Monal S: Oh… Our luck team.
Monal S: Sorry if I'm pronouncing it a little weirdly, but that's good!
Monal S: Oh, thank you. That's great, guys, great.
Monal S: It is Pohei, not Poha. I'm not sure. From my childhood, everyone around me is also calling Poha in our region.
Monal S: If not, no one needs Koha.
Monal S: In North Newman? I think everyone eats poker, but I'm not sure. Maybe…
Monal S: My circle is too short to call that everyone needs, but yes. Alright, great!
Monal S: Awesome.
Monal S: Oh, lucky. That's good.
Monal S: Do we get a chance to meet you guys? I always want to meet my students from the previous batch, but…
Monal S: I will try. Yes, how do you do? And sir, I will confirm you tomorrow, okay? Alright. Are you excited? Guys, can we start the class?
Monal S: See, I know the class might feel a little repeating, because yes, we did the same thing in Python, we're kind of doing the same thing in NumPy, we're kind of doing the same again thing in Pandas.
Monal S: But every time we are adding one extra dimension on top of it, okay? After bundles, you are not going to see it being repeated until the PyTorch classes of deep learning.
Monal S: Alright? So, the next thing which we're going to talk about is, again, very important, but let me give you an intro on that.
Monal S: Where is that?
Monal S: Okay? Let's suppose you have data, you have data frame, and you have event as one of the columns, you have date, then on that event, let's suppose the event is concert, and then that date is 2026, it was, let's say.
Monal S: 2nd Feb, okay? It is 2nd Feb, that is the, concert date, and then you have
Monal S: These are the columns. It looks like values, but these are the columns.
Monal S: Okay? Then you again have concert, you have more things. You have, like, let's say…
Monal S: Ticket ID and price. So you are the vendor who is selling the tickets of this concert, so you have ticket ID and price. Similarly, you will have lots of them, yes?
Monal S: And again, a new concert… a new event comes, this time it is conference. Let's suppose it is AI Summit. It is conference, then the date itself is different, then we have a ticket ID. Now, what I want, if I want specifically, if I want to know… if I want to do data analysis.
Monal S: If I want to do data analysis, Only on concert data.
Monal S: only on concert data, and I don't specifically have this column. Let's say I don't have this column, but I know that at this date, I was doing the concert. What is the next column which I will be looking at?
Monal S: What is the next column I will be looking at if I don't have the event column?
Monal S: But I know what date I'm looking at.
Monal S: Simple. I will be looking at date.
Monal S: But now, if I talk about date, let me start creating this state and understand the problem as well.
Monal S: Guys, this is very important, okay?
Monal S: Same dataset, and this time… I have this in Python.
Monal S: So you can see all of this date, and if I do df.info, df.info.
Monal S: the same kind of issue will come. That date also belongs to STR. Date also belongs to the string. So if I want, if I want all the rows, if I want all the rows.
Monal S: off date… of the concert.
Monal S: of the concert. I can do string matching. Yes?
Monal S: I can do string matching, yes or no.
Monal S: Tell me.
Monal S: But from this information, now I want to extract few more things. I want to extract
Monal S: What year it was?
Monal S: What was the month?
Monal S: what was the day, what was the weekday, or if I want to do something like, I want to get all the rules, starting from
Monal S: Starting from 2nd Feb, 2016, And all the way…
Monal S: to 28 Feb 2016. Now, is this possible with string?
Monal S: Does String have… All of this information about the date, time, etc.
Monal S: No. So this is a similar kind of problem which we were facing in categorical, because in categorical, if I want to do logical, string will not work. Here, if I want to do operations based on date, time, etc, I will not be able to do it, because all of them are string.
Monal S: So in Python, in Pandas, we deal with all of that using the date functionality in Pandas. So if I show you this.
Monal S: Yeah, this is the column that we have. If I show you the data, it is DF. So it looks like date, we are able to understand it as date, but we are able to see that it is actually a string. So what we will do, just like we were converting to pd.categorical, this time we will convert to pd.
Monal S: Date, time.
Monal S: Are you clear?
Monal S: So if you check date time, you will see the format. Format, by default, we have selected it as none. Unit is… there are a lot of units, and Unix time… we don't have to worry about all of this Unix time, but let me show you… yes.
Monal S: By default, the format is none. The string STRF to pass time is day, month, year. This is the format that we pass, okay? We can pass any format we want, but we have to write it in this format.
Monal S: By default, it is… by default, it is none, but it will accept it in DMY. So, is this DMY?
Monal S: Is this DMY?
Monal S: No. Let's try to convert it, and see if it works, because we have not… see, only when we provide this format, then it will accept in DMY. But by default, let's again check.
Monal S: Where is that format?
Monal S: There is it? Yeah. By default, it is just string, and…
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: I think by default, it will try to check based on the format that is set, but it will not be correct, because if something has four digits in it, it will automatically… will try to catch it in YYYY. Yes? These are all the year information.
Monal S: Okay? These are all the year information. So, that's why it is parse, it is… it is able to parse it like this. So, if I run it, now let's see the information.
Monal S: Now let's see the information.
Monal S: Is it a date time now?
Monal S: Is it a date time now? Date time, 64.
Monal S: Okay? Date time 64, it is taking into.
Monal S: And now, if I show you the data frame, it will still look the same. Yes?
Monal S: it still looks the same, but when I try to do some operation on top of it, it will now work differently. So if I do…
Monal S: this column.dt, just like we have SDR for string, categorical is CAT, date is .dt. And if I try to extract year, I will get all the year from that information. If I try to get the month, I will get all the month. If I try to extract the day.
Monal S: What day it is.
Monal S: This one is 1. This one is 15th day of the month, this one is 20th day of the month, so I'm getting 1 15th day. And if I want to get weekday.
Monal S: Weekday means it will only have 1 to 7, yes? So, whatever that
Monal S: This day is 0101. It is the fir- it is the second day of the week.
Monal S: Alright? Second day of the week. And if you want to find the day name.
Monal S: Day name is also… we can get from here. It was Wednesday, it was Saturday, it is Sunday. Will we be able to get anything close to this from the string? Guys?
Monal S: And if we have to implement all of this manually, it will take a lot of time. We have to create our own date, time, and everything, but Pandas provides all of this information.
Monal S: Yes? If I want to do some operation, logical operation, that I want this column, I want all the rows of this column, the day is greater than this. So on that day, there was event.
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: On that day, there was event.
Monal S: Alright? And if I want to check all the… all the events, guys, if I want to check all the events between two dates, I will be using
Monal S: column, which is of datetime, and I will use a method called Between, and I will provide the date.
Monal S: I will provide the date that… between these two dates, I want whatever the rows belongs to that.
Monal S: whatever condition satisfies to those rows, okay? I'm getting concert and conference, those of them belong. You can see, it is inclusive. 0101, and this one is 06, it is too far, so we are also able to cut it. Is this useful?
Monal S: Is this useful? It will be useful if I say.
Monal S: You are getting data from data engineering team, and you got 4 years of data.
Monal S: You got 4 years of data.
Monal S: And you have seen a trend, you have seen a trend that past 2 years, In past 2 years.
Monal S: our… Customer base got changed.
Monal S: customer base got changed. It means there are new kinds of people, so they will follow a new trend. So now I have… in past 2 years, I have seen the changes, but I have 4 years' worth of data. So if I want to train a machine learning model.
Monal S: And if I know that the past two years' data… last two… the starting two years' data is bad, last two years' data is good, what I will do?
Monal S: I will only choose the past 2 years data for machine learning and do it. But how to filter this past two years? Do I have to do it manually? No. I can use this date and time and will tell that after this date, give me all the data. And then I will be able to do it.
Monal S: Clear?
Monal S: Yes, Monifes, correct.
Monal S: Alright? So, the use case, it is very important. All you need to understand is it is very important. Okay? Now, similarly.
Monal S: like NumPy iterators, we can also create range. Creating date-time range, we can create month-end, this M means month-end, MS means month start, W means weekly, HTS means hour, minute, and second. Okay?
Monal S: Yes, you can use it, Pritha.
Monal S: So now, if I want to get… see this? If I want to get all the dates starting from… let's… let's pick this year.
Monal S: If I want to get…
Monal S: Starting from Feb 1 to Feb 10, and I want frequency to be D. D means…
Monal S: D means all the date, okay? One by one. All the dates you will get. I've noted down other frequencies, but you can check all the date range. Frequency you will be able to see in the documentation.
Monal S: Where is the documentation? See, the by default frequency is D. We can write D.
Monal S: Do the right date?
Monal S: Is there any way it is mentioned?
Monal S: Frequency, where is frequency?
Monal S: Okay. See, there are 3, I mean, there are a lot of them, but the simple one is D. If you do this, you will get all the dates, starting Fab 1, Fab 2, Fab 3, Fab 4, all the way to Fab 10. All of them are inclusive.
Monal S: Alright, are you clear?
Monal S: Next.
Monal S: What was ME? Just like MS is month start, if I do ME, there is also frequency ME, you will get month, and starting from this to this, 310.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: And this one is not inclusive. You can see, guys, inclusion, exclusive, all of them are different, but all I need to do is, if I want this ME, I will take data. If I don't have this data, I will not use it. It will be able to, handle leave here, Nikhil.
Monal S: This is a library. Leap here also has a concept.
Monal S: Yes, it will be able to handle you.
Monal S: And then… B, if I want all the month start date between these two.
Monal S: I will get all the 3.
Monal S: Because here I have C. If I talk about 0310 between these dates, what is the closest month date? Will I be able to find month end of March?
Monal S: If end is month… if end is 3-10, March of 10th, will I be able to get March end date? No, that's why I'm only getting January end and Feb end. If I talk about the start.
Monal S: If I'm starting from Jan and March 10, ending at March 10, I will be able to get all the months started. Yes?
Monal S: Simple.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: you don't have to worry about too much, just understand, and in the… and when we do data analysis, feature engineering, when some data set require column of date, there we will learn more things, but here we are just understanding that these things are present in Pandas. Data rate method.
Monal S: This column I already have, which is of date time, and then what I'm doing, I am adding 7 days of data.
Monal S: This is time delta. I'm adding 7 days. If I have to add a singular number to that date, I'll be using time delta. It will create a date. Are we clear?
Monal S: it will be an object. See this? It will add 7 days. It does not have time, year, month, just 7 days. And if I do this operation, I will get all the data of next week from that particular week. So if I do db.head.
Monal S: This is what date pond does, this is 7 days… this is 7 days after the
Monal S: Great point. Are we clear?
Monal S: Similarly, if we want to check how much time has been elapsed, alright, or how much time it is there for the next event. So, if this is the event date, if this contains event date, and if I do, from today, how many days we have.
Monal S: from the date of the event, minus today's date, pd.timestamp.today. This will give us today's timestamp. I will show you this as well.
Monal S: 2026, 0-28, it is on my system, okay? 11, 8, we are able to get. And then we will be getting how many days we have. So if I show you, again, db.ad, it will show you that
Monal S: Around 12 days is… not 12 days, What is that?
Monal S: From today to the date of Pandas.
Monal S: Give me a second, guys, okay?
Monal S: This looks good.
Monal S: Oh, yeah, it is… oh, sorry, I was looking at this one, guys. I was looking at this one. Actually, there is a number. Minus 421 days…
Monal S: Minus 351 days, minus 24 days. Is this looks correct? Negative means…
Monal S: Past year, from today, 4.24 days back, we had a concert at 2025 Jan Fest.
Monal S: useful?
Monal S: Simple. Simple, but useful.
Monal S: Are they?
Monal S: Simple, but useful. Done.
Monal S: And by this, we have completed Pandas.
Monal S: Okay, guys, there are a lot of things which we can do, but
Monal S: understanding all of this is more than required, and once we go to data analysis and feature engineering part of this course, there we will use all the pandas concept extensively, okay? Can you repeat, how did you get days to event
Monal S: Guys…
Monal S: Jan 1, we had New Year. The event is New Year.
Monal S: Now, if I say, let's suppose today's date is… Jan 13th.
Monal S: If I have to count.
Monal S: How many days have been since New Year? Tell me what you will do.
Monal S: Satish?
Monal S: what will you do? If you want to know how many days it has been.
Monal S: Since the New Year.
Monal S: Satish?
Monal S: feature engineering done. Satish, are you there?
Monal S: Count back from 13. All you will do is…
Monal S: All you will do is, you will understand from New Year, minus today.
Monal S: Yes, this is your present!
Monal S: you will get how many days. If you're getting negative, it means
Monal S: That is, in the past now. From today, if you check Festival of Holy in India.
Monal S: If you do this… if you do this, what will happen?
Monal S: If you do this, same thing, you don't have to change the format. If you do only minus today.
Monal S: you will get answer in positive or negative. If you do wholly minus today, you will get answer in positive. If you do something that has been already happened, you will get answer in negative.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: So, it has already some date, we are subtracting it from today.
Monal S: we are getting the sense, okay? So guys, congratulations to all of you that, finally, we have completed Pandas, and this is really a great skill set, and I will tell you that, I know, at the last part.
Monal S: maybe kind of a little boring, because we have been repeating it a lot, but I will tell you what we have done till now, and what is the plan next, okay? So, what are the things we have completed, guys?
Monal S: Python.
Monal S: And in Python, we have completed object-oriented programming. What else?
Monal S: What else?
Monal S: NumPy. What else? One does?
Monal S: So now, we have all the tools. In today's class, we will be adding Git there, but Git is not a tool of data science. Git is a tool of developer.
Monal S: But all of them are a tool of…
Monal S: Data science, data science, data science.
Monal S: Now that we have all the tools.
Monal S: of data science. We need one more, which I will be starting tomorrow, that is… Data visualization.
Monal S: Okay? Data visualization will be starting tomorrow, so…
Monal S: data visualization. This one is also one of the tools that we use for data science. So once we complete all of this, okay, once we complete all of this.
Monal S: Next, when we start data science, statistics is also part of data science, but we will learn that little later, okay? So, once we start data science, data science is about understanding data.
Monal S: Data science is about understanding data. We will get the data, we will do the analysis on data.
Monal S: We will fix the data, we will, analysis is understanding the data, learning it, fixing it, getting…
Monal S: stacks from the data, okay? And plots, we will be plotting on the data, but for all of this, but for all of this, we require what? Tools.
Monal S: Just like to learn Pandas, just like to learn pandas, we were using Python as one of the tools.
Monal S: Yes or no?
Monal S: If we didn't know Python, will we be able to understand pandas?
Monal S: We will be scared.
Monal S: what is this? What are these values? What are the arguments? In Pandas, I didn't… I didn't even talk about arguments. We are just learning it. Yes, it was natural that we know all of that.
Monal S: Similarly, when we get to this part, our goal is to understand data, our goal in data science will not be to use Pandas and NumPy, it will be to use it as tools to get to one of these
Monal S: one of these goals. Are we clear? So, our goal at the end is this.
Monal S: Mostly? Thank you. Thank you, Devil.
Monal S: Once we do all of this, then we will go to the machine learning. In machine learning, we will use data science. We will use all of this to understand data, then we will use our machine learning techniques, our machine learning understanding, to create intelligent system.
Monal S: More on that we can cover later, that is a part of data loading, not required right now.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: Mohan, whenever it is required.
Monal S: Alright?
Monal S: So, stats is one of the tools, stats, we have to learn before data science. So, that's why I'm only talking about this on the high level, okay?
Monal S: On this album, you can check the Notion link, okay?
Monal S: I will teach you the stats needed for machine learning, I will not teach you more, I will not teach you less.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: you will learn that later, okay? So guys, trust the process. I know we are at the start. It feels like the data science is not yet there, but trust me, without… just like without learning Python, pandas would have taken us a month, because we need to understand each and everything. Because we learned Python in great depth.
Monal S: Pandas has kind of become just like a tool for us. Similarly, it will be like this. Adity will tell you tomorrow, okay? So these are the, yes, the base.
Monal S: And then, from that base, we will do something more. We will do something amazing. Here, this is the domain knowledge of data, this is domain knowledge of programming and other things which we are learning.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: Are you clear? Guys, SQL…
Monal S: If I talk about SQL and other things, these are not part of data science. Yes, I am going to teach you that, that is a part that will help you build better solutions.
Monal S: Machine learning has nothing to do with the full solution, machine learning is creating the models. But if you want to become… if you want to create a system that uses machine learning, then system is not just AI. System is…
Monal S: Object-oriented programming coding, system is database, system is a lot of things.
Monal S: Alright?
Monal S: Guys, is my voice breaking?
Monal S: Is my voice breaking? No. Okay. Asmat, my voice is not breaking, okay? People are confirming. So, can we jump to the next part of today's class?
Monal S: Are we getting clarity in our path? Are we getting clarity on our path, where we are heading, why we are doing something?
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: So, if you… if you forward to practice even a small part of this, later you will suffer a little bit, okay? Now, let's talk about Git.
Monal S: Okay, let's talk about Git.
Monal S: So, Git is a tool 2… Manage, again, projects.
Monal S: to manage your code, okay? Git is a tool to manage your code, just like UV.
Monal S: I will give at it, okay? Just like UV, we use UV to handle the project itself, right? The project itself and its dependence is
Monal S: project plus… dependencies.
Monal S: Project includes… environment.
Monal S: Libraries, dependencies are the same, yes? Environment, creating a separate, having a separate Python executable, we will be using it via UV. But to manage code, we use Git. Now, what do you mean by managing code?
Monal S: If you see our VS Code, we are managing it pretty good.
Monal S: So, why do we need Git? Why do we even need to manage code? Now, let's talk about it.
Monal S: So what Git does…
Monal S: When you run Git for the first time in your project, you run Git on project basis.
Monal S: Okay? You can create the whole operating system as a project.
Monal S: you can create today's file as one of the projects, you can create the whole level 2 as the project itself. So, whatever you want to call it as a project, you will be the one who will be deciding it, what is my project? So, Git works on project basis. It means
Monal S: I can have different projects in my system, and I can use Git differently.
Monal S: T1, P2, P3, T4.
Monal S: Let's suppose I'm working on 4 different projects, so I will be using Git on 4 projects, because project will be having code. And from the definition, Git is saying tool to manage code. So, in any of this project, if there is a code, we'll be using their separate Git
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: We'll be using separate Git. Now, let's talk about, let's suppose we are in Project 1. In Project 1.
Monal S: In a single project, multiple developers work.
Monal S: Right? In a single project, multiple developers work, but if I don't talk about developers, let's try to simplify it. Let's suppose today.
Monal S: Today, I am writing 100 lines of code.
Monal S: So I'm writing plus 100 lines.
Monal S: So I've written hand-read lines of code.
Monal S: Tomorrow, when I log into my system, for some reason, my hard drive is not working, my hard drive is not working, or…
Monal S: Let's… okay, hard drive part, I will… I will introduce in GitHub. Okay, we are in project one, and today I have written 100 lines. Now, what I'm doing, this is…
Monal S: day plus one. That is, day after tomorrow. I have written 10 more lines of code, and then when I return this code, I am getting an error in the project. But previously, everything was working.
Monal S: So, today, everything was working, but day after tomorrow, when I added these 10 lines, I am getting an error. So, what is the issue? Now, I have to fix the error, or what I can do, I want to go back to the code where everything was working perfectly.
Monal S: But, when I don't use Git, what I have to do? I have to specifically remember that… what that 10 lines of code were, and then once I remove it, then my code is working.
Monal S: If this 10 lines is 10,000 lines, lot of different modules, different packages you created, now, do you think that you will be able to correctly remove each and everything, guys?
Monal S: If this 10,000 lines of code introduces error in your previously 10,000 lines, will you be able to remember which line you fixed what, what arguments you changed, what parameters you changed that your code is not working? No.
Monal S: It will be very, very, very hard to move back to the working version. It is a lot of manual effort, it is very hard. So what you will do, you will use Git.
Monal S: Git will do work, you will initialize Git in your project, I will tell you how. Then, what you will do, once you have written 10,000 lines of code today, I'm talking about today, then what you will do, you will save that code. And saving, we call it as commit in Git. I will teach you everything. We will save that code.
Monal S: In day plus one, we have returned 10,000 lines of code. We will again save.
Monal S: Save, we also call it as commit in git. Make sure to remember this name, but I will repeat it again later, okay? So we have committed it. Now we are running it, we know that at this stage, my code is not working. Git creates checkpoints.
Monal S: Git creates checkpoints, just like your game has checkpoints, right? Git creates checkpoint. If this does not working, with the help of single git command, with the help of single git command, you will be able to go to the checkpoint where your original code was.
Monal S: without even removing a single line, Git will move your code to the stable version, whatever the commit is. You will have an ID for this particular checkpoint, you will be able to move to it. Is this simple? With a single code. With a single code, you will be able to do it.
Monal S: Is this simple?
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: So, what you're doing here?
Monal S: you are able to manage your code, you are able to understand what I did, you are able to create a history. You are tracking your code line by line. If something changes, you can move back, and if you want to check, let's suppose if this is not creating error, this is correct.
Monal S: This is correct. You have added… no, you have not added, you have updated
Monal S: you have updated, not added, you updated 10,000 lines of code now. Whatever you returned previously, 10,000 lines of code, now you have just updated it, not added any new lines of code. And if you want to know what is the difference, what is the difference between this and this?
Monal S: what code I changed, where I changed.
Monal S: If I don't use Git, I will never know. This is a lot of code. But if I have Git, Git will tell me file by file difference that where exactly I've changed the code, character by character also.
Monal S: Git will be able to tell me the difference. So, are we able to understand that
Monal S: What do we mean by managing the code?
Monal S: Guys, are we able to understand that what do we mean by managing the code? Okay, so this is what Git does. Are we clear?
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: So, Git creates version.
Monal S: These checkpoints, think of these checkpoints as version. The first code you created, you are saying it as, it is my 0.1.
Monal S: Tomorrow, you have written a new code, a better code, you will say it as 0.2. What are you trying to do? You are trying to save the history, you are trying to save the history and creating versions from it. And if your version 0.3 is not working, you will go back to 0.1 where it was working.
Monal S: So, you are creating versions of your code using Git. Done. So, Git is… It is… Version…
Monal S: Control Tool. Code version control tool.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: Git is Code Version Control Tool.
Monal S: Now, how many of you have heard the word GitHub?
Monal S: How many of you have heard about GitHub? And how many of you have not heard about GitHub?
Monal S: Great. GitHub. Okay? Git, GitLab, yes.
Monal S: So, Git is the tool that manages the code.
Monal S: GitHub is…
Monal S: Central… repository, Off… You are code… plus get.
Monal S: Now, let me simplify it.
Monal S: Think of it as life.
Monal S: This is your Google Drive. This is your Google Drive. In Google Drives, can you save files?
Monal S: In Google Drive, can you save files?
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: File 1, File 2, File 3. Can you share files with others?
Monal S: Can you share files with others?
Monal S: Yes, I can share a file with others.
Monal S: Now, let's suppose in Google Drive, you installed Git.
Monal S: In Google Drive, you install Git.
Monal S: So, file 1 you uploaded, then you change something into the file 1, the same file, and you upload it again. What will happen? File 1 will have two versions.
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: File 1, we have two versions now.
Monal S: Now, it is totally your control if you want to share file version 2 or version 1. Are we able to understand that Google Drive is the storage platform, central storage, and Git is version control?
Monal S: So, abilities of Git, we will be able to understand it from here. So, instead of this drive, this drive is from Google, we have something called as GitHub.
Monal S: GitHub creates a free space, but it should be public private. You can store your code, you can store images also, but, yes, you can also store images, code, everything in the GitHub. GitHub uses the storage plus the Git.
Monal S: Plus, it provides more options.
Monal S: So, GitHub is…
Monal S: Just the online version, or you can say the enhanced version of Git, but it uses Git internally. Are we clear, everyone?
Monal S: Are we clear? So, GitHub is a platform. GitHub is a tool. GitHub is a platform, Git is a tool. Always remember this. GitHub is not Git. GitHub is not Git.
Monal S: Git is the main software that tracks it.
Monal S: Are we clear? Git is the main software that tracks it. GitHub is kind of a website, okay? A web application with more things.
Monal S: Okay? So, it is free, but if you really want… but if I talk about organizations where the code is protected, you don't want to share it, you need to buy a subscription from them, but most of the things you will be able… majority of the things you will be able to do it for free.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: Are we clear? Git is a tool, guys. Git is a tool, it's not a language. It's a tool. Just like if Spanda's a language.
Monal S: Is Pandas a language?
Monal S: No. Okay? So now let's understand that what we will be able to do when we use Git plus some online.
Monal S: When we use Git plus online. Let's see this.
Monal S: So, Git was managing projects and local.
Monal S: But now that something is online, now that something is online, it means we can now store projects on
Monal S: web.
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: We can now store our projects on web.
Monal S: When we can store projects on web, it means…
Monal S: We can do collaboration with our teammates, Yes, true, Ganesh.
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: So, if our project is on web, just like I'm sharing Notion, just like I'm sharing Notion with all of you guys, if I enable, if I give you all, if I give you added access to all, will you guys be able to collab on the Notion link as well?
Monal S: Yes or no?
Monal S: Yes or no? Because Notion is online. If Notion is online, if there's two things possible, that is, everyone will be able to see it, and everyone will be able to collaborate on it.
Monal S: If Notion was an offline file, will I be able to see it online? No.
Monal S: Will I be able to collab with other people? No.
Monal S: So, are we able to understand that using Git.
Monal S: Using Git, plus the online version, what advantages we will be able to get. Are we clear?
Monal S: Tell me fast, now, next.
Monal S: Another thing.
Monal S: I am working on a project.
Monal S: I am working on, on a project.
Monal S: That is iOS 16. Let's suppose I am a developer who is working on iOS 16.
Monal S: And… I have this code in my project.
Monal S: I have this code in my project folder.
Monal S: Okay? I have a lot of code, I have a lot of modules.
Monal S: Each module has different files, each…
Monal S: has all of this, but all of them is a part of a project. Are we able to understand what I'm calling it as a project?
Monal S: So, and data visualization.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Are we able to understand what I'm calling it as a project?
Monal S: Yes.
Monal S: Now, this is iOS 16 that My consumer uses.
Monal S: This is my iOS 16 that my consumer uses. So, do you think that I should be adding some code, I should be adding some code in this project, which might break the iOS? Do you think it is a good idea to add any kind of thing in this project that may break the operating system?
Monal S: No.
Monal S: No. So what I should be doing…
Monal S: If I have to do some enhancement, if I have to do some enhancement on this iOS 16 project, what I will do?
Monal S: I should have created a copy, I should create a copy, and in this copy, I should work. Yes or no?
Monal S: In this copy, I should create a work, I should not touch the original code, which millions of people are using.
Monal S: which millions of people are using, I should not touch that code, because it is working. It does not have any error. I should be working on…
Monal S: Tell me, guys, I should be working on… I should be working on.
Monal S: Are you guys not interested?
Monal S: you'll get… I will not teach you good, then.
Monal S: Yes, I should be working on a copy of the project that is working.
Monal S: So… Da… the…
Monal S: The original code which is working, I will call it as my main branch. I will teach… I will teach you branch. The code which is working perfectly and is deployed on the consumer platform, I will call it as a main branch. And anytime I have to do enhancement.
Monal S: Anytime I have to do enhancement, what I will do, I will create a copy.
Monal S: of the mail, and I will call it as a different name. Let's suppose I want to enhance camera. Let's suppose I want to enhance camera of iOS 16. I will call it as…
Monal S: Camera.
Monal S: and some… let's suppose I want to name… add my name. Just any name which will differentiate that, this and this is different.
Monal S: So now I have the same exact code, but this branch, this is another branch that I will call it as Cameramonal, and here I will write the enhancement of camera.
Monal S: Then I will do what? Then I will do what? I will do the testing, I will check if there is any errors or there or not. Once it is there, once I've figured out that everything works correctly, once I have validated, evaluated.
Monal S: that everything works in this branch, then what I will do? I will…
Monal S: update the code present on the main branch with my new enhancement, and then iOS people will be getting… whoever is using iOS will be getting that you have received a new update.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: Don't worry, you have to do separate deployeds, people will get… but I'm just giving you an example.
Monal S: So, if something is working, we are supposed to use… we are not supposed to update there. We are supposed to create a copy of it, do the enhancement, and then, again, update it.
Monal S: So, if my code of DEF add, this is my origin A, is working, is working.
Monal S: And millions of people is using it. Millions of people is using it. It means this is the code that millions of people are using. I will keep it into a main branch. Is this part clear?
Monal S: I will keep this into a main branch.
Monal S: Guys, are we able to understand this?
Monal S: Now, I am working on enhancement.
Monal S: I'm working on enhancement. What I will do, I will create a copy, because I don't want to break ad.
Monal S: I don't want to break add, I will enhance it, I will write ARGS, ARGS will be tuple, yes?
Monal S: If I do args.sum, It's a… it's a tuple, let's say.
Monal S: Okay, we will be able to iterate over it, yes or no?
Monal S: for I-A-R-G-S, I will write the enhancement. Guys, is my voice not clear?
Monal S: Is my voice not clear?
Monal S: Breaking? Okay, just waiting.
Monal S: Need to check, guys. Just wait, okay?
Monal S: I'm a little tired of this internet issue. Give me a second.
Monal S: Guys, I don't have a control, I just turned it off my… I have Android Mbps.
Monal S: Zoom should not be taking this much.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Is it good now?
Monal S: Oh, guys, it is 8th.
Monal S: Okay? Yeah.
Monal S: So, what I will do, I will do the enhancement, I will write some of the code here, and then once my code is updated, I will do the testing, guys.
Monal S: before doing anything, before updating this code that millions of people are using, what I will do, I will test it thoroughly, and once I'm sure, I'm pretty sure that things will not break, then what I will do?
Monal S: What I will do next… I will… Update… Duh.
Monal S: Cool.
Monal S: This updation is called as merge.
Monal S: Whatever code I had.
Monal S: I… whatever code I had in a different branch, this is different branch, this is different branch.
Monal S: I will merge it, so now the new… the old ad will be updated with the newer version.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: Everyone, are we clear?
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: So that is also one of the functionality of Git, that you can work on different branches, you can have different enhancement. Developer 1 can work on camera, developer 2 can work on, you can say widgets.
Monal S: Developer 3 can work on something else.
Monal S: Developer 3 can work on something else. So all of this, we can have it parallelly, but we should always have a copy of the original one, which millions of people are using. That is called as main branch.
Monal S: Alright? Done?
Monal S: So let's write it again. If I talk about Git, If I talk about GID,
Monal S: It is used to manage code by creating… Checkpoints.
Monal S: Okay? Or versions.
Monal S: Then, what else it does? It helps us…
Monal S: separate code by branches. And think of branch as just like the same example of creating different UV project, yes?
Monal S: But all of these branches should do the same thing.
Monal S: All of these branches should do the same thing. It's not like my main branch, it should not be like, in my main branch, I am doing pandas. In my enhancement branch, I'm doing numpy. Does it even make sense? If you have two different work, then use two different projects.
Monal S: Use two different projects. So, think of it as, like, you are using Pandas… you are using Pandas 0.2… 0.0.2.
Monal S: You have NumPy, this is the current version which is updated, and you are using 0.0.16.
Monal S: Now, you will create a Git for this.
Monal S: you will differently create… you will track your code of NumPy, you will track your code of Pandas, then what you will do, you will create a different branch, you will name this as 0.0.3, you will write the new code.
Monal S: And once you think this code is good, you will update it.
Monal S: So now, this latest version of code will be able to get it.
Monal S: Yes. So it is developer's responsibility to test if the code is bugger-free or not. It should be bug-free.
Monal S: Are you clear? So, main is supposed to be your main branch. Are we clear, guys, that we are not? We can use it! You can use pandas in main branch, numpy in different.
Monal S: But then, the advantage that you get from creating branch will not make sense. Why do you have a different branch of NumPy? What you will do?
Monal S: What will you do?
Monal S: So, same functionality should have different branches for enhancement, same functionality should have different. You can have two of them, but…
Monal S: we usually create different projects.
Monal S: Okay? Just like we created a project for Level 1 and level 2, if we have pandas in NumPy, pandas will be in Level 1, NumPy will be in Level 2. Totally different UV project.
Monal S: Alright, so now that we are done with this, let's start the installation part.
Monal S: And… where is my code?
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: How many of you have Git in your system?
Monal S: So guys, if you have Git in your system, feel free to drop off, you don't have to worry about it.
Monal S: Okay? I will do Git, I will… I will talk about Git UI as well as Git commands, but if you have it, if you're comfortable with GitHub, then feel free to drop off, okay? Awesome. Thank you.
Monal S: Alright.
Monal S: So, first thing that we need to do is…
Monal S: Dinesh, we'll talk about that later, not our use, okay?
Monal S: GitLab can have workflows, deployment, testing security, it can have different pipelines, okay?
Monal S: No.
Monal S: Good.
Monal S: Alright, this is great.
Monal S: And this is GitHub, okay? You can see both of them are different platforms. So guys, after the class, after the class, don't do it now. Or if you want to do it, okay, let's do it now. What time it is? It is 11.44, okay? Everyone, I will just search on Google, get
Monal S: Click on Git, and you will get…
Monal S: you should download it. So, let's click on that, where is the download button?
Monal S: Okay, are you able to see Install for Windows? Because my system is Windows, it is giving me install for Windows. In yours, it might show you for macOS or something.
Monal S: So if I click on Install on Windows, you can see it is giving us Windows, Mac OS, Linux. So if I click on Windows, I want to download for X64, because my 6th time is 64-bit.
Monal S: If your fixed term is 32-bit, install the 32-bit version, or you can directly use WinJet install this this in your PowerShell. Open PowerShell, and if you… if you write winjet install this.
Monal S: it will install the same in your Windows. For Mac, click on Mac, and then you'll be able to install it
Monal S: Via Brio, you can see. Brio install git GUI,
Monal S: And you also have… I will suggest you to install this, guys.
Monal S: Okay? I will suggest you to install the pre-install Git. Prashant, use this. Okay?
Monal S: Mac people, do pre-install git, Windows people, do widget install ID git, git, whatever the command is. Let me know once you are done. Guys.
Monal S: Let me know once you're done.
Monal S: Dan?
Monal S: Hansai is done.
Monal S: And guys, once you are done, if you search on your Windows or your Mac finder, if you search Git.
Monal S: It will show you Git Bash.
Monal S: Is it showing you Gitbash?
Monal S: Is there Android version? Help it, let's not use Android, okay?
Monal S: Is there… are we able to see Git Bash? How many of you are able to see Git Bash after installing?
Monal S: It is showing, great. It should be showing. If you open it, you will see something like a terminal.
Monal S: How many of you are able to see something like a terminal?
Monal S: So this is…
Monal S: Git Bash is just like terminal, just like in your system. Just let me open this terminal.
Monal S: Just like you have PowerShell, yes? Just like you have PowerShell command prompt, Git Bash is also one of those terminals. So if you click on Git Bash, you will be able to access it here as well.
Monal S: Are we clear? So, it gives you Linux-like terminal on Windows.
Monal S: It will give you Linux-like terminal on Git… on Windows. Guys, Git is created by… I will tell you the name.
Monal S: I know the first name, but I don't know the last name, okay?
Monal S: Yes, Linus, Linus.
Monal S: So guys, this is the person who created the Linux operating system, as well as Git.
Monal S: Alright? So, Git is originally created for Linux only.
Monal S: But later it got created for Windows, that's why it gives you this Linux-like terminal, and guys, trust me, if you have a habit of working with a Linux terminal, you will be able to run a Linux command in Windows as well.
Monal S: If I want to do LS, I will be able to get LS. LS people, this command works with Mac OS, because macOS is also built on Unix, a flavor of Linux.
Monal S: So, if you have a familiarity of working with a Linux terminal.
Monal S: Because every deployment you do, every deployment, guys, we do, we do it on…
Monal S: Linux system. Are we clear? Deployment always… people talk about AWS, Azure. The system that we get there, it is always Linux, Linux.
Monal S: So, if you have a habit of doing little bit of, terminal codes of LS,
Monal S: CD, MKDIR, and other commands of Linux, you will be good. But, what is Git? What Git Bash is? Guys, tell me in the chat, what is Git Bash?
Monal S: What is Git Bash?
Monal S: Nope.
Monal S: Git Bash is Linux-based, it's a…
Monal S: Where is it? Yeah, it's a Linux-like terminal on Windows. Are we clear?
Monal S: It's a Linux-like terminal on Windows.
Monal S: And if you run, For Mac people, guys, everyone, everyone just try this.
Monal S: Is this code working?
Monal S: Guys, in Mac also, you will be able to see. Is this code working?
Monal S: Mac already follows a Linux kind of a terminal. If you have it, it is good.
Monal S: Git does not require this terminal, it just gives you another terminal.
Monal S: Is this working, everyone? Mac OS, Linux, Windows user?
Monal S: Git hyphen hyphen version.
Monal S: Great. Alright? So guys, to use Git, now let's go to the next part. To use Git.
Monal S: To use Git, we don't have to use Git Bash. Git Bash is just another terminal where you can use
Monal S: Linux-like operations. Are we clear? But I personally prefer this terminal because it is stable, it uses commands of Linux, so whatever code I'm showing will work in Mac, will also work in Windows.
Monal S: Can I jump, guys? Can we go to the next part?
Monal S: So, if you run it on terminal as well.
Monal S: git iPhone-version, it will still work, because Git is the application that is installed in your operating system.
Monal S: It has nothing to do with Git Bash. Git Bash is just another terminal.
Monal S: Guys, terminal is terminal helping.
Monal S: Terminal is terminal.
Monal S: Are you guys able to run the same thing on terminal?
Monal S: Awesome. Okay?
Monal S: So this is, we have installed Git. Next thing that I want to do, next thing that I want to do, everyone.
Monal S: Focus… Every terminal is terminal, guys. It's fine, it's fine.
Monal S: Next, where is it?
Monal S: Once you have installed Git, it was very simple, now Git is present in the same. Yes, PowerShell, it will also work. Next thing is, I want all of you to do sign up on your GitHub, do it on… with Google credentials or whatever, but sign up on github.com.
Monal S: Everyone, I'm giving you 5 minutes to do the sign.
Monal S: sign up or register in the GitHub.
Monal S: If you already have, just wait for a few minutes, but people, others, go to github.com and do the sign-up.
Monal S: Okay? Once you do the sign-up, once you log in, let me log into my system.
Monal S: I already have an account, feel free to do the sign-in.
Monal S: All right.
Monal S: Once you do the sign-up, once you do all of that, you will get to this page.
Monal S: What is this?
Monal S: I don't use GitHub a lot, but okay.
Monal S: Done, Prince is done, others. Guys, if you're done, let me know.
Monal S: Sign up done. Are you able to log into GitHub, guys? Prince, Ashesh, Yash, Nidbay, everyone, everyone. Are you guys able to log in? Click on your profile and go to repositories.
Monal S: Click on profile and go to Repositories. It should show nothing.
Monal S: Yes, it will show nothing.
Monal S: How many of you are able to see nothing if you're new to Git? Only if you're new to Git.
Monal S: Empty? Great.
Monal S: Thank you.
Monal S: Alright.
Monal S: Next!
Monal S: What I will do, everyone, click on new, click on New, this is a dummy thing which we are doing. It has nothing to do with Panda's data science. Click on New, and do dummy thing, whatever name you want.
Monal S: I want to create a project name as ABC.
Monal S: It is totally fine to create ABC. You guys can create pandas, you can create Level 2 as well.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: Guys, are we clear? This is just your folder name, you can create whatever you want.
Monal S: I am creating ABC, and description, you don't have to write anything, and here, you don't have to do anything at all. Make sure that it is public. You can create private. If you create private, others will not be able to see.
Monal S: If you create public, private is also fine for you, but for me, I'm creating public so that if I share this link with you, you guys will be able to open the same thing.
Monal S: So, public or private, you guys can choose any of it. Public.
Monal S: And then click on Create Repository. All of them should be saved, but I will suggest to go with public.
Monal S: If you create public, you will see all of this, yes or no?
Monal S: Yes or no?
Monal S: Yes.
Monal S: So guys, copy this whole code.
Monal S: and save it into one of the notepads. Private is not rechar- private is not chargeable, guys. It is free. It is free. I will suggest you to copy all the code, all this code, into a notepad, okay? For now.
Monal S: Because we are new, we need to understand all of this.
Monal S: So what I'm doing… I click on copy, save everything here.
Monal S: And then click on Copy, Save Everything.
Monal S: And for now, I'm also copying this statement that they have, and I will add it to this hash.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Let me know once you guys are done with this.
Monal S: Where can I find this command? Sayyard? Once you create a repository, this is the first page that you will get.
Monal S: Or click on Code. Sayel, or click on Code.
Monal S: How many of you are able to see this?
Monal S: I'll be… don't do this with Notepad, and it's fine, okay?
Monal S: If you click on Code, See this? This is the first page you will get.
Monal S: Sayed, are you able to see this?
Monal S: Again, no… Creating repo? Okay. Create repo. Next, let's do some dummy things.
Monal S: what I will do…
Monal S: Don't worry about all of this project, okay? Don't worry about all of this project. I'm going to close this Pandas, I don't want these pandas.
Monal S: And here, I will create a new folder.
Monal S: Which I will delete later. Okay? Okay, let's create a folder. How many of you have this folder here, of today's file?
Monal S: Panto.
Monal S: Panktisha, what do you want to understand? I just… moving through it.
Monal S: Panktisha, what you're not able to understand?
Monal S: After Git login, everyone, See this?
Monal S: Dame Egypt.
Monal S: After Git login, you have to go to your profile, Panktish and everyone.
Monal S: Go to the right corner, top right corner, and click on repositories. You will see empty, you don't have created, you have not created any repository. You have to click on New, and once you click on new, provide a name, and then Create Repository.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: Panktisha, are you clear?
Monal S: Pangtisha, are you clear? And once you create, you will see this page. Done.
Monal S: So… This is my file, which I created, so we should… let's go, everyone.
Monal S: Using Terminal, go inside this folder of 28. And using Git Bash, you can use whatever you want, but guys, let's use Git Bash.
Monal S: Unable to log into GitHub, guys, you have to test it. I cannot help you in creating the website or login sign up. Okay, maybe try it later, Pandisilong. So, guys, what I'm doing, what is my current working directory?
Monal S: I am inside SCL. I have to go inside this folder, so I will use CD, and then Full Path, sorry, I have to copy the full path.
Monal S: It is not working because… oh.
Monal S: What is going on?
Monal S: No.
Monal S: Why it is not working?
Monal S: Tell me, guys, why it is not working.
Monal S: Let's do it on terminal.
Monal S: Yes… Everyone, let's do it on terminal.
Monal S: I will tell you why it is not working in our Git Bash.
Monal S: Is it working here in Terminal? In Terminal, it will work in Windows.
Monal S: This code will work in, Linux and macOS because of backward slash.
Monal S: My VS Code, when I do copy path, it is giving me Windows path.
Monal S: But in macOS, you will see forward slash, not backward slash.
Monal S: Are you clear?
Monal S: So if I remove all of this backward slash in bash, git bash.
Monal S: it will work.
Monal S: As I told you, it is Linux terminal, Linux-like terminal.
Monal S: Here it is? I am inside.
Monal S: Is everyone…
Monal S: Guys, are you able to navigate to the folder? Are you guys able to navigate to the folder, current, today's folder, others?
Monal S: How many of you are still not doing this, or not able to do this?
Monal S: Alright, now that we are done, now that we are done, Open this code.
Monal S: And what are we trying to do?
Monal S: Create a new repository on the command line. Do we… did we initialize Git here? No. So now we need to start the tracking. Guys, let's start the tracking. The code, this is only one time we have to do, write this code of Git init.
Monal S: Write this code off, git init.
Monal S: When you do git init, what will happen? A file of Git will be created here internally. Git is started tracking this file. See this? Initialize empty GitHub repository and see level this. Inside this folder, it started creating it. When you do ls.
Monal S: Not Aless.
Monal S: Guys, I have a habit of working with Linux.
Monal S: So, LS will work here.
Monal S: Where is it?
Monal S: No, not required. So guys, what is the code that we ran? The first code that we ran is git init.
Monal S: Are you guys able to run it?
Monal S: Or you have seen initialized Git repository.
Monal S: Is it working? Yes. ls-A will also work. Yeah, but don't worry. See this code.
Monal S: We… the first step that we did is git init.
Monal S: The first step that we did is get in it. How many of you are getting error?
Monal S: How many of you are getting error here? Get init.
Monal S: Anyone is getting error?
Monal S: directory name.
Monal S: Anmail, why did you create it in Level 2?
Monal S: Guys, why are you creating in Level 2? I told you specifically to go inside your folder 28.
Monal S: DKS, the Git is not because you have not installed it correctly.
Monal S: DKS, please restart your system, then Git might be recognized. Do it after the class, okay?
Monal S: Guys, if, while running Git, it is saying that Git is not initialized, it means Git is not installed in your system.
Monal S: Are we clear? Others?
Monal S: Alright, so when we did git init.
Monal S: The next step is, we need to run this command. I will replace this command with git add dot.
Monal S: Dot means whatever is present in the current folder, Add it. Git add dot.
Monal S: Done?
Monal S: Are you able to create this?
Monal S: It is not an error, Alfred.
Monal S: It is the same thing for me, Alfred. It is not an error.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: Guys, later do it, okay?
Monal S: Yep.
Monal S: Guys, if you say I'm getting error and don't say anything, am I supposed to see… am I Jarvis? Can I… I can see your system connecting to the internet?
Monal S: Tell me, if someone will say I'm getting error, what should I do next?
Monal S: Is this how you talk to LLM? Think of me as LLM. If you don't provide me context, I will not answer. Okay.
Monal S: What is the second command at your end, guys? Are we done running git add dot?
Monal S: Are we adding to git add dot?
Monal S: So what we are doing, we are asking it now, whatever is present in my folder called as 2802, start tracking all the files.
Monal S: So, I am adding… when I do git add dot, it will add all the files to the tracking. Alfred, I'm also getting the same.
Monal S: See my screen, please?
Monal S: Done. I had told my Git to start tracking all the files. Once I am done with that, next thing is, I need to save it.
Monal S: I need to save it. So, saving command is git commit, and then you write some message which you want to save. Message, just a message.
Monal S: I'm saying that added… 28 FAIL Notebook.
Monal S: Okay, in double inverted comma, add the message. Is this part clear to everyone?
Monal S: Git commit is to save it hyphen M, and then we have to write the message. Hyphen M means message. What message you want to save? I want to save added 28 fab notebook. Is this clear?
Monal S: Venkat, I'm getting error not recognized. What code you ran? What are you getting error?
Monal S: First of all, guys, When others, everyone.
Monal S: Run this code in your system and tell me if you're getting this output or not. Run G-I-T and tell me if this is running in your system or not.
Monal S: large conflicts, Rohit.
Monal S: Are you a user of GitRoate?
Monal S: Vanguard, are you able to say this?
Monal S: Vankert, are you able to say this? Guys, I will tell you one issue that you guys have.
Monal S: When I… when I tell you to do something, you guys will not even look at the screen and will keep on trying, okay? Sometimes, if you're not… if something is not working, note down what I'm doing. Otherwise, you are stuck in that phase two. You're stuck in the level 2, okay? Yes.
Monal S: Venkat?
Monal S: able to see your screen. I want you to look at your screen, Venkat.
Monal S: others.
Monal S: If this is working, it means git is installed. Later, I will see in the route session. So, next, run this command, git commit hyphen, and whatever the message you want to do, press enter.
Monal S: Done. Guys, let me know if you're able to see similar things like this.
Monal S: I know you don't have all the things in the file, but are you able to see something? That main root commit, whatever this address is, added 28 fab notebook, one file changed, whatever the insertions are, plus means you've added
Monal S: Things… And then all of these files…
Monal S: Yes, I will tell you.
Monal S: Because, Mansi, maybe you're running something else, okay? Just wait, I will, I will tell you, Mansi, okay?
Monal S: Mansi, what code did you run?
Monal S: Git commit. Okay, you are getting in git commit? Okay.
Monal S: How many of you are getting an error here?
Monal S: How many of you are getting an error here? That, please tell me who you are.
Monal S: Mansi got this error, but some of you might also be getting this error. That…
Monal S: Please tell me who you are, something like this.
Monal S: Yes? Done. If you are getting that error of, tell me who you are, guys, next step.
Monal S: Stop here.
Monal S: We ran first few lines of code. Here, I added
Monal S: this. Let me zoom in.
Monal S: We ran first few lines of code, and here, if it is giving you error.
Monal S: Tell me who you are.
Monal S: Next thing you have to do is, everyone, line by line, we will do it. Next thing we will do is…
Monal S: We need to run tool code here.
Monal S: Okay, we need to run two codes. First is… this command…
Monal S: Second is your username. So what do you need to do?
Monal S: Git is providing you this error. You will be able to see these two code in the same error. You need to write git config username, and then write your email. Email from which you created the GitHub account. Next is your username. My username, if I show you, my username is also here.
Monal S: See this? This is my username. Write the same exact username here as well. This is your username.
Monal S: Is everyone clear?
Monal S: Rajesh, it's fine.
Monal S: It's fine, Rajesh, okay?
Monal S: So guys, run these two lines of command next.
Monal S: Your email, and the username.
Monal S: Let me know once you're done.
Monal S: Your email, and then the exact username.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: Next, run this next command.
Monal S: git branch hyphen m main.
Monal S: Next, run this command git branch hyphen m main.
Monal S: And sir, we'll check your part later, okay? If you're getting error, we'll see you in the part.
Monal S: Guys, press enter. Are you done?
Monal S: Are you done?
Monal S: Now… Let's check.
Monal S: do git status.
Monal S: It should show on branch main nothing to commit working tree clean. Yes?
Monal S: How many of you are able to see this? And how many of you are not able to see this?
Monal S: Are you seeing something else, guys? Are you seeing something else here?
Monal S: Getting same? Awesome.
Monal S: Awesome. Next.
Monal S: Next.
Monal S: You, in the notebook, which I told you to copy, you will see the next command, yes? Copy this command starting from git remote at origin.
Monal S: Copy this code, git remote add origin, and paste it here.
Monal S: Press Enter.
Monal S: Let me know once you guys are done with this.
Monal S: On branch, okay, Rajesh, it's fine. You did with master, it's fine.
Monal S: Done?
Monal S: Next.
Monal S: People who are seeing on-branch main.
Monal S: on-branch master. Okay, Rajesh, the code that you copied from Git, are you also getting master here in the next code, Rajesh?
Monal S: Rajesh?
Monal S: As is?
Monal S: the code that I told you to copy, is it also showing master here?
Monal S: You guys are not fast, okay?
Monal S: Guys, copy the next line of command, git push hyphen u origin main, paste it.
Monal S: Paste it, And then… Then you're doing something else, Rajesh, I will check it out.
Monal S: Later.
Monal S: When you press enter, it will ask you to log in, it will prompt you to Chrome, and ask you to validate and sign in.
Monal S: For me, because I've already signed in, it will not let… it will not do the same thing. If I press enter, it will show me this code. Okay.
Monal S: It is giving me this error.
Monal S: Okay? It is giving me this error because I have logged into a different system. But how many of you are getting that when you added this, when you added this.
Monal S: You are prompting to the Google Chrome, and it's asking you to sign up.
Monal S: How many of you are getting that info… getting that?
Monal S: Guys, please do sign, please do authenticate, it is only a one-time thing.
Monal S: It will ask you to sign in with browser.
Monal S: As if you are already a Git user, and you have previously logged in with a different account, just like me, I have logged into a different account, I am getting this error.
Monal S: Okay? I have logged into a different account, I'm getting this error. If I don't want to get this error, I will use my this account. Okay? Just wait, guys.
Monal S: Okay, and guys, if it is asking you for your keychain password in Mac.
Monal S: See this? I will show you.
Monal S: Guys, whoever is getting error, I will fix your part later. But first, let me fix my part. I will open the GitHub from the account where I have logged in, okay? So give me a second, and then log me in.
Monal S: Where is my account? I will create a… I will open a GitHub.
Monal S: Everyone see what I'm doing, I'm again repeating it.
Monal S: I'm gonna do sign-in.
Monal S: Sign in with my password. Okay, I will do with Google. Just wait, okay?
Monal S: I will do both. Guys, if it is asking for authorization, do the authorization.
Monal S: For now, for me, it is giving me…
Monal S: Whatever authorization it is giving, just log in, guys.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: I will create a new repository. See, here I don't have a lot of repository. Here, I will create a new repository. I will say ABC, and then create public.
Monal S: And then do all the steps which I did before.
Monal S: Get in it.
Monal S: I will do… Let me clear everything.
Monal S: Let's start. I will do git init.
Monal S: Then I will do git add dot.
Monal S: Then what I will do, git commit, hyphen M, any message, Adding 28, fab… class file…
Monal S: Press Enter. Next, what was the command, guys? I remember the command. We can directly see it. Git branch hyphen m main.
Monal S: Who is it, Sumit? Am I not telling you what each command does? Just wait.
Monal S: How many of you not able to understand the first three lines of command, guys?
Monal S: We are initializing the Git so Git can track our project. We are adding all the files and telling Git to track all the files. We are telling… because it is creating a checkpoint, we are naming, we are creating a message for the checkpoint, you will see in the UI later.
Monal S: But it will tell that, adding 28 FAB class file, just a message for the checkpoint. Next is, you will not understand this, but for now, we are telling that we are going to the main branch.
Monal S: main branch. Once it is done, then we need to copy and paste, and then create a connection.
Monal S: From our system, our system is local Git, this is GitHub. We are creating from the local system that we want to create a link of the local to this online GitHub.
Monal S: Is this our online GitHub URL? It is our online GitHub URL, press enter. Connection is made. Now, when I do git push hyphen u origin main, it means I'm telling git
Monal S: To push all the code which you are tracking, which you have committed till now.
Monal S: push all of it to the main branch. When you press enter, all of this code you will see. How many of you are able to see this code?
Monal S: How many of you are able to see this code?
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: And when you go to online, when you go to this particular part, when you go to online, where is my file? Just wait.
Monal S: When you go to online and refresh.
Monal S: Are you able to see the same file?
Monal S: How many of you are able to see the same file?
Monal S: No.
Monal S: It is differential method.
Monal S: Not for the GitHub repo, the URL, okay? Submit.
Monal S: Alright? So, we are able to add files from here, so you… are you able to see the same message when we did get a…
Monal S: git commit hyphen M, are we able to see the same message here?
Monal S: Are we able to see the same message? Everyone?
Monal S: Ravdeep, I will help you, but I will not help you right now.
Monal S: Guys, whoever is getting error, please stay for the route session.
Monal S: How can I… Solve your query in the middle of the session.
Monal S: Okay? Just wait.
Monal S: So, if we are getting it, now let's do one more thing. Because we know that Git is tracking, let's do this.
Monal S: I will open this file again.
Monal S: I will open this file again, and add some changes. Let's add some changes.
Monal S: I will do pandas completed, and we'll add a few lines.
Monal S: Anything, just dummy things, save the file.
Monal S: Save the file.
Monal S: Is this folder tracked by Git?
Monal S: Is this folder tracked by Git? Tell me.
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: Yes or no?
Monal S: Now write a command, git status.
Monal S: Git status will tell you what files you modified.
Monal S: Is it telling you that you modified this file?
Monal S: It is telling me that you modified this file.
Monal S: Either you can restore this file to the original file, or you can now add this file to the tracking.
Monal S: Either you can restore file, Or you can add this. Let's suppose I want this change.
Monal S: Let's suppose I want this change, then what I will do? I will do git add, and I can write the file name.
Monal S: Or, if I just write dot, dot means everything inside the project.
Monal S: Dot means everything inside the project.
Monal S: None.
Monal S: I have added this file again. Now, what I want to do…
Monal S: I want to commit. I want to save it. I want to save the checkpoint. I want to create the checkpoint. So I will do git commit and write some message. In the message, I will write whatever message you did so that you can track it later.
Monal S: added… added… added, line off equal.
Monal S: And press enter.
Monal S: It is saying, one file you changed in this checkpoint, when you're creating this checkpoint, you are changing one file, you added 3 things, 3 insertions, and 1 deletion.
Monal S: We will see that what 3 insertions and 1 deletions are. Once it is done, you will push it back, you will push the updated to the online. What is the code? Git push…
Monal S: Origin, name.
Monal S: or git push hyphen U origin main, both of them will do the same thing here, but write git push origin main. Done.
Monal S: How many of you are able to do this, and are able to see? If you refresh it, you will be able to see a new message.
Monal S: How many of you are able to do this?
Monal S: Great. Awesome.
Monal S: If it is asking permission, it is your system, it means you need to set it up.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: Ben?
Monal S: Are we able to see two commits?
Monal S: Two checkpoints, click on two commits, guys.
Monal S: Click on two commits. Are we able to see all the history?
Monal S: This is the message. So, guys, message is important because if you write a good message, you will be able to understand if you have thousand commits and what commit you did what. That's why it is easier. So, you can see the first commit is adding 28. This is your original file.
Monal S: 0 lines, you added 2530. You're tracking. Go back, and click on the second commit, where you only added one line.
Monal S: It will say… That you added these three lines And you remove this line.
Monal S: So, we didn't remove it, we just pressed enter, so you can see the line number is changed, yes or no?
Monal S: Guys, when I press enter, the line number of the previous code got changed, that's why it is showing 3 lines.
Monal S: Are we able to understand?
Monal S: What was previously in line number 2497 is now in… Here.
Monal S: I did not press enter, I think, but…
Monal S: Are we able to see what is the difference?
Monal S: Are we able to see what got changed?
Monal S: Yes.
Monal S: So Git is tracking it.
Monal S: GATE is tracking it.
Monal S: Alright, now let's see one important thing.
Monal S: Let's suppose I am developer. Let's click on code again, let's go to the home page of this project.
Monal S: This is my project.
Monal S: What I will do, I will go to my VS Code, and I will delete this folder itself.
Monal S: I will delete this folder.
Monal S: It will not let me delete, because I am inside the folder. So let's go one folder back, and I want to delete this folder.
Monal S: Okay, it is busy… Just wait, guys. Let's see where it is opened. Let me close this.
Monal S: Let me close the git bash, now I will be able to delete it.
Monal S: What is going on?
Monal S: Oh, this late, no, no, no.
Monal S: Opening terminal… This resource is busy, so let me close this whole thing.
Monal S: And… let's delete it now.
Monal S: Where it is open.
Monal S: Let me check, guys.
Monal S: No, I don't have to save the file. Let me close it again, let's see what are the different files I have it, or maybe in the terminal I have some of these files, and let me open the VS Code again, okay? Just wait.
Monal S: Lokesh, please try to look at the code, what you're trying to do, Lokesh.
Monal S: I literally told you to do copy and paste. Yes?
Monal S: I will help you, don't worry, but…
Monal S: Please try to see what code you are writing.
Monal S: I'm trying to delete the file.
Monal S: Okay. File is not deleting, but for now, what I will do…
Monal S: Let's suppose I'm creating a new folder. I'm creating…
Monal S: I'm opening a new folder. New window.
Monal S: Open folder, and I want to open downloads. Okay.
Monal S: Alright guys, this is what I am doing. Don't worry about it. I created a new… I just… I am inside a new directory.
Monal S: I am working… I'm… let me open the terminal.
Monal S: This is my terminal, let me open the command prompt. Alright, let me open the command prompt and clean it.
Monal S: Now, what I want, let's suppose I deleted that file, or I'm developer too.
Monal S: Developer 1… Developer 1 has this file because these are the local files of Developer 1.
Monal S: But Developer 2 does not have these files.
Monal S: Developer 2 does not have this file, so Developer 2 will do what? Developer 2 will ask Developer 1 that give me the GitHub URL of your repository. So what Developer 1 will do, it will click on code, it will click on HTTPS, do the copy.
Monal S: go to Terminal, go to terminal, and do write code, git clone, and then the URL.
Monal S: Are you clear?
Monal S: We will write… Git.
Monal S: clone, and then URL. So what we are telling, using it, use the command of clone to clone whatever is present in this URL.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: When you press enter, you will see a folder, you will see the repository name called as APC, and you will also see the file name. Is this the same exact file name?
Monal S: Is this the same exact file also?
Monal S: Yes?
Monal S: So, are we able to do the collaboration? Are we able to work, use the online part of Git, using GitHub?
Monal S: Yes? Done.
Monal S: Alright?
Monal S: So this is what we can do with it.
Monal S: So if I copy it, and let's suppose this time what I want to do…
Monal S: Good bash… go to this folder of 28, and then RM.
Monal S: This is just a code to delete the folder using Linux command.
Monal S: You don't have to learn it when I want to delete.get.
Monal S: Ben?
Monal S: And then what I want to do, I want to create a new repository. Everyone, see what I'm doing, later you guys can do it, okay? What I'm doing…
Monal S: I'm creating a new repository.
Monal S: I'm creating a new repository. This time, obviously. It has level 2, data, Ultimate Data Science.
Monal S: Okay? Level 2, Ultimate Data Science, and then create a repository.
Monal S: What I want to do, I want to push all the files present here, okay? Apart from this .VENV, okay? Apart from this .venv.
Monal S: But that part I can do later. Sir, could you please help us guide for GitHub chain password? Okay.
Monal S: Give me a second, okay?
Monal S: Even I am facing the password issue change. Okay, guys, is this part clear? Whoever is able to do it, is this part clear? So let me first conclude today's class, and then I will solve others' query.
Monal S: So what we did, everyone, the first step is… You can create…
Monal S: First you need to do is, you need to create a repo in GitHub.
Monal S: You need to create a repo in GitHub. Next, in your local, you should have your code working. It means in your local, you should have code, and you should also have Git installed in your system. Is this part clear?
Monal S: Is this part clear?
Monal S: Alright. Now, what you do to track your code, what is the command that you use to track the code, guys?
Monal S: What is the command that we use to start tracking with the help of GitHub? We do git init.
Monal S: Hit edit.
Monal S: Okay? And then, this is… you started, you initialized a Git tracking, but you need to add files to your tracking. To add files, what do you do, what is the next code you do to add a tracking?
Monal S: Good.
Monal S: Add, you got dot.
Monal S: People who are not able to do it, still, you should be able to understand what we are doing. Done.
Monal S: Next, that all the files are added to the tracking. All the files are added to the tracking, and if you want to save the straight of your file, and save as a checkpoint, what you will do.
Monal S: Git commit.
Monal S: But if you add a message, message will be a good thing so that you can see on the web. I'll be clear, now that I have this file, now that I have this file, what I will do.
Monal S: I will check if I am the current correct branch.
Monal S: I have to check if I have the… I have the correct branch. What is the code? What is the code to check it?
Monal S: First is, this is we want to go into the branch M.
Monal S: Good?
Monal S: Bronze?
Monal S: hyphen M, main.
Monal S: This is to go to the branch main. Are we clear? This is to go to the branch main. Now tell me if I'm already on the branch main.
Monal S: When I do git status, I think I deleted the code. If you do git status.
Monal S: And you are on Branch Main, do you again have to go to Branch Main?
Monal S: This code will show you on branch main. If you are already on…
Monal S: If you are already on branch main, you will not go in. So this is only, first…
Monal S: Time thing.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: Only a first-time thing. Next is…
Monal S: Next is, create connection. How do you create a connection?
Monal S: Good.
Monal S: Remote.
Monal S: Add… what is that command?
Monal S: Git remote add origin.
Monal S: And then… URL of the repo.
Monal S: This is also only a… One time thing.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: Once a URL is added, the last you will do is… gate… push hyphen U, Origin, main.
Monal S: You are telling whatever you have been tracked and committed, whatever you have been committed till now, I want to push all of them to the main. Origin has… origin means the repo URL itself, okay? Origin means the repo URL itself.
Monal S: So, git push hyphen U origin main, then your code will be present in…
Monal S: Then, your code will be present in… online rebook.
Monal S: So, from Git to online GitHub, this is how code travels.
Monal S: Now, this is your local.
Monal S: If you want to bring something from a… to the developer 2 system.
Monal S: This is Developer 2 system, which does not have… who does not have this code. This is Developer D1, who has this code. If you want to bring the code that is present online, what you will be doing
Monal S: What you should do next?
Monal S: You should bring that code, and you will use git clone, URL of repo.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: Is this part clear to everyone, apart from configuring or setting up the GitHub? This is something that is common between both Windows, Linux, and everything.
Monal S: Now, see one thing, final, last, last one thing, okay? Now, what I want to do…
Monal S: I have created a notes for this GitHub, and let me save it.
Monal S: I'm saving into a downloads folder.
Monal S: I'm saving in downloads folder, I will say.
Monal S: Github… Instructions.pxt. I will attach it as a resource.
Monal S: And I'm saving something here.
Monal S: So we have, till now, what we have done, we have updated, we have seen how to update the code using the commands.
Monal S: Now, if I go to the GitHub, reload this page, where is that?
Monal S: Let me go to the repository of ABC. ABC is where we were doing all of this.
Monal S: Now, are we able to see add file?
Monal S: Yes? Are we able to see add file?
Monal S: We can do add file from the UI as well. I want to upload new files. Click on upload.
Monal S: And then you have to write, add files via upload. So you need to track and drop, or you can choose your files. So what I will do, I will drag and drop for now.
Monal S: I have these files here.
Monal S: And I will drag this file here.
Monal S: Dan?
Monal S: Anything you want to add?
Monal S: Commit message, the message that you were providing, git commit hyphen m. You have to write the message here.
Monal S: adding… Good.
Monal S: Installation notes.
Monal S: Do we want to add to the main branch?
Monal S: Do we want to add to the main branch? For now, let's add it to the main branch. Click on Commit Changes.
Monal S: And then… done.
Monal S: Are we able to see the file that we just uploaded?
Monal S: Yes, with the message?
Monal S: See, it is only updating the message. On the file we are adding, it is not adding message to every file, so it makes more sense. I added this file, and this was the message for that commit.
Monal S: If I open it, I will see all the instructions that I've written. We'll talk about that later.
Monal S: So, by default, the GitHub will create a branch called as main. Till now, we have not created any branch, but this is a branch called as main. Guys, I will not teach you all the GitHub right now, but the basic things that we can do…
Monal S: few operations. Is this part clear, that how to add file in GitHub? You guys can do all the homework later?
Monal S: Yes? Done.
Monal S: Now, let's see one discrepancy.
Monal S: I cloned it, developer D2, then what I did, then what I did, I am developer D2 only.
Monal S: I… uploaded files… using… GitHub UI.
Monal S: I added a file of .txt.
Monal S: This file I uploaded to… guys, this file I uploaded to…
Monal S: GitHub. GitHub is?
Monal S: online.
Monal S: Did I edit this file to my local GitHub where I cloned this repo?
Monal S: Did I edit this file here?
Monal S: Did I edit this file here? So now, there are two different things.
Monal S: In GitHub Online… in GitHub Online, I have File 1, I have File 2.
Monal S: In my local repository, which is the same cloned version of this, I only have file 1,
Monal S: Is it… are we able to understand the issue?
Monal S: Are we able to understand the discrepancy now?
Monal S: So, what we need to do… I will open that repository. Where is our repository?
Monal S: Is this our repository?
Monal S: Yes or no? Is this our repository?
Monal S: What is going on?
Monal S: Yes, I will open a terminal, I will open a terminal, go to command prompt, this is my repository, I will first check the status. What is the status? It is saying everything up to date. Is everything up to date?
Monal S: Is everything up to date?
Monal S: Mo.
Monal S: This up-to-date means whatever you have committed locally, whatever you have committed locally, there is nothing left to commit. So it is up-to-date according to the history that local is managing.
Monal S: But history is different in online.
Monal S: So the code that you have to use is git pull.
Monal S: You want to pull all the changes from online, from which branch.
Monal S: From which branch you want to pull?
Monal S: Guys, you are on Wayne Branch.
Monal S: You can pull from different branches to main, but right now, we only have one branch. From main, we want to bring to Maine.
Monal S: Git pull origin name.
Monal S: Are we able to see the updated files?
Monal S: So what we have to do when we want all the changes that is being reflected in the online to reflect in the system, we will use command
Monal S: Good.
Monal S: Pull, origin, and then branch name.
Monal S: From which branch we want to bring the latest changes, we will pull from that branch name. For now, our branch name is May.
Monal S: Dan, is everyone able to understand Git logics?
Monal S: Hi, everyone!
Monal S: So, git push is… To push our code from local to online.
Monal S: from online to local, we… if we want to clone it, cloning is… we cloned it first. We clone it for the first time.
Monal S: And police to update the changes if there are some changes.
Monal S: Alright? So guys, there is a habit between developers that developer D1, developer D2 is… both of them are working on main branch.
Monal S: Okay? Both of them are working in main branch. Developer D2 was working in A.PY, developer D1 was working with B.py.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: And they closed, and then they log off for today.
Monal S: Then they log off for today. The first activity, when they log in next day, is they do git pull. Because they don't know developer D2 work till 8, let's suppose developer D2 work till 8pm, B worked till 6pm.
Monal S: So, it might be possible that now we have new updates in the file, yes or no?
Monal S: Now we have new updates in the file, and to work with the latest updates, we will do git pull. Are we clear?
Monal S: Every time we log in, or we want to check the latest files, we will do Git pull.
Monal S: Are we clear? Otherwise, we will see a discrepancy issue.
Monal S: Later, there are a lot of things in Git, guys, you're not going to learn all.
Monal S: But we are only learning it to track the project files and other things.
Monal S: Is everyone clear?
Monal S: Guys, are we clear?
Monal S: Then, that's all for Git. So, guys, you guys can practice Git.
Monal S: Upload files, change files, check what is happening.
Monal S: Lot to consume, guys. Git is not complex. Literally, you need to remember how many commands.
Monal S: Apart from setup, you need to remember One… 2… 3… 4… Fine.
Monal S: Literally 5 commands.
Monal S: Other things are setting up for only one time. Git will also provide you these commands.
Monal S: I copied and pasted it here.
Monal S: So guys, is GitHub complex?
Monal S: It is complex, but for now, whatever we have learned, it is very simple. So today's class, get a simple or not.
Monal S: Today's class, get is simple or not.
Monal S: Simple.
Monal S: Yeah, first time, everything is complex, but literally 5 commands. I personally use only 4 commands. Add, commit, push, pull.
Monal S: Every day as a developer, I use these four commands a lot. That's all.
Monal S: All of this has set up a cloning you will only do one time.
Monal S: Pull, you will do daily, multiple times in a day. Add, whenever you are adding something, commit, whenever you are saving something, push. Once you feel like you are done with coding, you want to save the changes online, you will do the push. Rebase and others, I personally don't do it a lot.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Alright.
Monal S: Done. That's all for today.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Alright, now, finally, you can understand GitGitHub. That's great, JSON. Okay?
Monal S: That's great, guys, please practice Git a lot, and pandas, I will not suggest you to practice a lot, because when we go to the data analysis and EDA part, there we will learn all of that again, okay? So, guys, I'm raising a poll, please check the poll.
Monal S: And in the meantime, people who are raising hand, guys, can you please just write your query? What is your query, where you are having the issue? Then I will prepare a few things. If everyone is having issue with the Git, I will do something about it.
Monal S: Okay. Guys, one mistake that I've seen between a lot of people who are trying, not able to access.
Monal S: One very weird thing.
Monal S: is that when I'm telling you guys to… where is that notepad?
Monal S: I told you to do copy and paste, guys, I told you to do copy and paste from online, and you guys are pushing, you guys are connecting to my GitHub. Do you have access to my GitHub? I told you literally to do copy and paste of whatever is written in your GitHub.
Monal S: I have seen some people are configuring my username in their system.
Monal S: Whatever is your username and your username, password, email, do it.
Monal S: push to your GitHub URL, not mine.
Monal S: Is this part clear to everyone?
Monal S: This is my GitHub URL, this is my username, this is my email address.
Monal S: Yours will be different.
Monal S: No, you will not be able to access… yes, correct. That's why a few people are getting error.
Monal S: How many of you are doing the same thing? Guys, I know you will not say no.
Monal S: Yeah, see you guys, bye-bye. See you tomorrow. Okay?
Monal S: Bye guys, bye-bye. Others… Next.
Monal S: Anyone who is having MAC and is facing that keychain issue, Anyone?
Monal S: Sorum, okay.
Monal S: Can I get those 4 lines of code?
Monal S: As I've sent all my code, please don't do copy and paste.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Harika, did you restart your system? Have you restarted your system?
Monal S: Harika?
Monal S: Can you please restart and come back? Don't worry, I will still be here.
Monal S: Okay, sort of… Saurabh, your hands are not raised.
Monal S: Sort of.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: So guys, I'm first checking Solar's issue, and people who are using Mac, I will only teach you this one time.
Monal S: Don't worry, I will again use ChatGPT. I'm not… I'm using Windows. I will use ChatGPT to answer a query.
Monal S: All right, Saurav, let's share your… can you please share your screen? I'm promoting you to panelist.
Monal S: Adein, it's totally up to you.
Monal S: It's fine.
Monal S: Right now, you're not logging into and doing anything, right, in your system.
Monal S: Okay, Sorna, are you there?
Monal S: Sort of declined to be promoted to panelist, sort of…
Monal S: What do you want to do?
Monal S: Join us as a panelist.
Monal S: And… Adity, what do you want? What means more beneficial?
Monal S: See, Linux is more beneficial in longer talk.
Monal S: Okay, I did.
Monal S: Paurav, can you please share your screen?
Monal S: Guys, can I share my GitHub URL and you guys will be able to download from it? You can download from Zip. Yes, it is public.
Monal S: In the community, Let me open the community.
Monal S: download from the GitHub today. Don't worry, I will update that in the Notion, but for now…
Monal S: Bodo, can you hear us?
Monal S: Guys, from my GitHub URL, please check the file, you will be able to download it. There is a download save option in GitHub URL. Figure it out, okay?
Monal S: Sort of.
Monal S: Do we have any case to de-initialize? Just delete the file, chat and it.
Monal S: They let not get…
Monal S: Just like when we do UV init, UV creates all of these files. When we do git init, grit creates all of this hidden files.git folder, which I was creating.
Monal S: Advict ahead?
Monal S: Guys, if your query can be answered by asking me in the chat, please do it. People who are raising hands, okay?
Monal S: Because I think it might take time.
Monal S: Can you please help me to set up after logging into GitHub on this room and doing the same, okay?
Monal S: Distribute.
Monal S: Sort of.
Monal S: Downloading you to panelists.
Monal S: Saeed, yeah, Han. Syed, have you tried everything?
Monal S: Say it?
Monal S: In the coming classes, I've also…
Monal S: If you've tried everything, then I will see. It means, because I've seen in the Notion, you will find in the FAQ, what HUV project management, what you're able to see.
Monal S: Let me show one thing to Saeed, okay, Sarah?
Monal S: Slide, do you have the Notion link?
Monal S: Sahed, do you have the Notion link?
Monal S: After restarting it works, Harika, that's great also.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: What is this? So, in the FAQ, you will be able to find that I have written something called a phishing issue with UV and project folder navigation.
Monal S: Please try to understand from this. First, try it. If you're not able to do it, then let me know.
Monal S: Read each and everything. You will be able to understand what is working, what is not working.
Monal S: Okay, try this first.
Monal S: In the meantime, you can try this, read it right now, and then, if you're still having issues, I will figure it out, okay?
Monal S: Where is Solana?
Monal S: Excellent.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Yes, Soro, can you please share your screen?
Saurabh: Trust me.
Monal S: Thanks, Harry.
Monal S: It is quite easy to do ourselves, step-by-step guide, we can learn from each commander, why it is…
Monal S: Yeah, I'm the one I know.
Monal S: That is called as Conflict Chatania.
Monal S: That is something we have to worry about. Chaitanya?
Monal S: That is where merge conflict comes. We'll talk about that later.
Monal S: That is something that you will see.
Saurabh: Sir, are you able to see that pop-up screen?
Monal S: Yes, yes, yes, okay.
Monal S: So what I want you to do next is open your GitHub, go to your GitHub.
Saurabh: Nope.
Monal S: Just wait.
Monal S: That's true.
Monal S: I'm searching in Gemini.
Monal S: Because there was a… this is an older way. Now Git does not do it, but in your system, for some reason, it is doing Git. Okay?
Monal S: Oh, Can you go to your settings?
Monal S: In this project itself, you will find settings.
Monal S: Okay, go to your profile first, I think better thing. Okay, did… have you tried git config global credentials Helper Management?
Monal S: Have you tried that or not?
Saurabh: that, email ID and our username, correct?
Saurabh: Git config.
Monal S: And also, I want you to try this. Just do it, okay?
Monal S: I'm sending one command, where should I send it?
Monal S: Do you have community open?
Saurabh: Yes.
Monal S: Deny this. Deny this. Okay?
Monal S: Deny this keychain password one. Deny this.
Monal S: Copy this.
Monal S: Paste it.
Monal S: There are multiple ways to do it.
Monal S: You have two GitHubs?
Saurabh: No, I think…
Monal S: before?
Saurabh: Yeah, I've tried, with my, like, Windows laptop.
Monal S: marking?
Saurabh: So now, when I have denied, then, one, like, redirect link came, and it went to GitHub. I think it will work, I think.
Monal S: You were able to… you logged in and it works, right?
Saurabh: Yeah. Alright, alright, so the issue is resolved.
Monal S: Alright guys, people who are facing the same thing, please deny it, and see, as I told you, this keychain one is an old thing. GitHub now uses this redirection. Okay.
Monal S: Now, if it is asking you again, okay, the best thing you should do is… okay, now, can you go to GitHub now? Let's see. Go to GitHub.
Monal S: Go to Settings, go to your profile, go to your main profile.
Monal S: Go to main profile, go to Settings.
Saurabh: Buildings.
Monal S: Go to Developer Options on the…
Monal S: Is there any developer? Yeah. Developer settings? Let's see.
Monal S: And then, you should see something like Personal Access Token. Click on Personal Access Token.
Monal S: And then, click on Tokens Classic. Click on Tokens Classic.
Monal S: And then, obviously, previously, you were working with GitHub.
Monal S: Not sure what to do. Click on that.
Monal S: Create a new token.
Saurabh: token.
Saurabh: Between…
Monal S: Turn it again, classic, classic, classic.
Monal S: Provide any name, write, maybe data science or whatever it is.
Monal S: That's wrong.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Expiration, no expiration.
Monal S: And, then… Gave access to all repo, full repo.
Saurabh: This one.
Monal S: It's fine.
Saurabh: Excellent.
Monal S: You're not going to use it, but okay, yeah.
Saurabh: Yeah.
Monal S: Yeah, created.
Monal S: Now copy this token.
Monal S: And paste it in the password. Paste it in the password, in the… no, it is asking the password in the UI, right?
Monal S: That keychain password it is asking, right?
Saurabh: It's true.
Monal S: Paste it here, click on Always Along.
Saurabh: Oppositions…
Monal S: Does that allow?
Saurabh: It's not going. No, it is not allowing.
Monal S: Can you deny?
Saurabh: I'll finish on that, right?
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Let's do one thing, can you write git?
Monal S: Credential, get credential, C-R-E-T-E-N-T-I-A-L.
Monal S: hyphen OSX.
Saurabh: O, F.
Monal S: OSX, I… no, no, no. I will write the code, okay?
Monal S: Because you have logged in previously, it is creating an issue for you.
Monal S: How do you not remember Git?
Monal S: When you did it before.
Saurabh: In Windows, I was able to log in properly, but in Mac, I was facing issue.
Monal S: Community, I pasted it in.
Monal S: Okay, now I pasted another thing, can you please check on community? Type this in.
Monal S: I copy and paste this to directly paste.
Monal S: And press enter two times.
Monal S: Failed it to be at ease.
Monal S: Okay, let me do one more thing.
Monal S: Let's see… Hmm.
Monal S: Can you search, can you search in your settings, keychain access?
Monal S: Can you search in OS? In your Mac OS? Can you search in Mac OS? Keychain access?
Monal S: Kitchen, yeah, click on Kitchen Access.
Monal S: Open Key Gen Access.
Monal S: You will find GitHub, search GitHub, search GitHub here.
Monal S: Okay, let's see, you have GitHub. Delete this too.
Monal S: Brilliant history.
Monal S: Simple a little bit.
Saurabh: deleting. I've deleted twice.
Saurabh: Here one is option is coming.
Saurabh: Access control, allow all applications to access this item.
Saurabh: Sir, can I allow this.
Monal S: let's allow and try it, let's allow. But you have to get her, huh? See, you have created a second one today. Whatever you created today, can you please allow that?
Monal S: Whatever you created today, otherwise it will give you an error.
Monal S: Second one, maybe delete it or try to do something else. I saved this one. And the first one, which was from 17th gen.
Saurabh: Now, when I'm trying to save these changes, I'm getting this pop-up again.
Saurabh: Login Kitchen.
Monal S: Keychain access wants to change the access permission of the GitHub.com item in your keychain. Why are you not able to delete it? Let me check. We need to delete it, okay? Just wait.
Monal S: Okay, can you run this command in terminal?
Monal S: Again, I'm writing,
Monal S: See, all of the… you can try 500 things, and it might work in one month.
Monal S: Can you try this?
Monal S: Let's see.
Saurabh: Password has deleted. Yes.
Monal S: Chris, can you check on the UI?
Saurabh: UA means,
Monal S: the UI of kitchen, kitchen, kitchen building.
Saurabh: Okay, this UI is not coming, let me push first.
Saurabh: Everything is up to date. I'm getting a little bit.
Monal S: Just change some file and push again. Reload it.
Saurabh: Okay.
Monal S: Now, change something in this file.
Monal S: Chain something in this file, which it just goes to use.
Monal S: Potion 25, right?
Monal S: Paint something, write anything.
Monal S: Let's write hash, it's fine.
Monal S: Excellent.
Monal S: Now do git add dot.
Monal S: git add dot. No, no, no, don't commit it. You have not even dragged it. Git add dot, press enter.
Monal S: Git commit.
Monal S: CEO of MMIT.
Monal S: hyphen M.
Monal S: Any message?
Monal S: That's all. That's fine.
Monal S: Now, do git push high, or git push origin main, it's fine. Git push origin main.
Monal S: Great.
Monal S: No, no, it is not uploaded.
Monal S: Okay, wait, what? Okay, can you do rm hyphen RF?
Monal S: RM hyphen RF.
Monal S: space.git.git.
Monal S: dot G… no, no, no, without space. Dot get is together.
Monal S: Press enter.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Now, what I want you to do, delete this folder of 25022026. Go one folder back, in the terminal, go one folder back.
Monal S: First, go one folder back.
Monal S: Yeah, now delete this 250220026.
Monal S: All right.
Saurabh: Yeah?
Monal S: Yeah. Now copy the URL of GitHub, that GitHub I told you, right? Clone it, we are not going to clone it.
Monal S: Maybe not something got nice done. Yeah, click on code, green button is there, click on code, copy the, local, click on local, yes, copy it, copy the HTTPS, yeah, copy. Now, right in the terminal, git clone, git space clone.
Monal S: space.
Monal S: This?
Monal S: Okay? I know, you can change that file later. You have the file, right? In ABC, you already have the file. 25.
Monal S: Now, change something in the… go to ABC, go to folder ABC inside, from the terminal.
Saurabh: Okay, terminal.
Monal S: First, we will go inside ABC, and then we are going to push it again. Yeah, you have made the changes, press save on the file where you added hash.
Monal S: Save changes, now add this file again. Git add.git commit, let's see if it works or not.
Monal S: Empty is also fine, yeah, done.
Monal S: Do it, git push for region main.
Saurabh: O-R-I-G-I-N.
Monal S: O-R-I-G-I-N… no, no, no, wrong spelling. O-R-I-G-I-N.
Monal S: Main.
Saurabh: Yes, I think we should push it.
Monal S: Oh, it's working? Can you please check now? Is it reflected? Refresh. I think your keychain was obstructing it.
Saurabh: Are you getting.
Monal S: point.
Saurabh: This is…
Monal S: Yeah, you were logged in successfully, but it was creating an issue because you had multiples of whatever the issue in the Mac is.
Saurabh: Holder?
Monal S: Clear?
Monal S: This is… So now, created file and delete this proposal. For now, it is fine, it is just for practice, alright?
Saurabh: Okay, good.
Monal S: Anything? Others?
Saurabh: Thank you so much.
Monal S: Yeah, share some of the names.
Monal S: Anyone was facing the same issue? Guys.
Monal S: See, I'm not a Mac user, but you guys can check it for things you can search from internet. Try multiple things. You will be able to find the issue. On this album.
Pandiselvam: Oh, I said.
Monal S: Yes, I'm promoting you to panelist. Okay.
Monal S: Don't…
Monal S: Others, are you able to understand? People who are raising hand, that I'm also… write your query, see what the code is, try to read it. I know it is faster for me to read and debug your query.
Monal S: Bad?
Monal S: It is also good, right? You understand what is…
Pandiselvam: Excellent.
Monal S: Is that the issue in your system?
Monal S: Alison, what is your issue?
Pandiselvam: Yeah, actually, sir, when I, run that prompt, so the, GitCup got installed, so I'm not able to find that Gitbass here.
Monal S: Let's find, did you register at your VS Code? Are you able to find Git Bash in your system application?
Monal S: Not in VS Code. Search, search…
Monal S: Search on Windows, Git Bash.
Pandiselvam: Okay, yeah. It is there. It is there. Maybe if you restart your system or something, it will start reflecting here as well. Yeah, moving on to next one is… So, I… initially, when I'm logging, right, it's taking more time to complete the puzzle itself, so that's the reason I'm not able to follow in the remaining steps.
Monal S: There is puzzle.
Pandiselvam: No, when I'm trying to log in, right, first time I'm logging.
Monal S: You have to do it. Puzz or it cannot, yeah.
Pandiselvam: Yeah, I done it, sir. So, the next step I need to do… So, after I logged in the GitHub, what should I do now?
Monal S: See, you have to watch the recording. You have missed the whole thing because you want to try to log in.
Pandiselvam: Okay.
Monal S: getting a point. This is not good,
Pandiselvam: No, sir, yeah, I know that. After that, there are so many topics covered, but that record will be loaded by tomorrow only, right?
Monal S: See, I have given you a few code, let me upload, okay.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Just great.
Monal S: I gave you the GitHub URL link in the community, can you open community?
Pandiselvam: Yeah, sure.
Monal S: Okay, open the community.
Monal S: Let's see if I have sent the URL.
Monal S: Let me double-check from my site, yeah, I have a… updated.
Monal S: Yeah, it will take time, because everyone is trying to open, but…
Pandiselvam: Don't agree.
Monal S: A message. Message. Yes. It's fine if it's here, yeah. Are you able to see, scroll up, scroll a little bit down?
Monal S: No, no, no, a little bit down.
Monal S: Little bit down, little bit down.
Monal S: Go where I started messaging this today, in the class. No, no, no. Go down, go down. Go down.
Monal S: No URL, yeah, are you able to see URL? GitHub URL? Click on the URL.
Pandiselvam: Yeah.
Monal S: Click on the URL.
Monal S: Yes.
Monal S: And… this is my GitHub. Click on githubinstruction.txt.txt.
Monal S: No, no, click on githabinstruction.txt.lyinstein.
Pandiselvam: That's true.
Monal S: Okay? So, are you able to see a stat? Get init you know, git init you already did, git add you will do, git commit hyphen and very first something, right?
Pandiselvam: So, git add, how to do those, huh?
Monal S: You did not check what I told you.
Monal S: It's not curtain. I will teach you again.
Monal S: But I always say, right, we are not supposed to look at our screen and not supposed to watch the classes.
Monal S: First, do you have those things logged in? Have you tried any instructions yet?
Pandiselvam: Sorry, sir, I'm not gonna be.
Monal S: Have you tried any instructions yet? Any instructions other than log in, trying to log in in your system? What instructions you have tried? Can you tell me?
Pandiselvam: On the git guard, they're asking?
Monal S: On the gate, on your terminal, what is.
Pandiselvam: Yeah, I tried this one, actually. So, you want me to log in that heat up site, and you copy that Windows installation thing?
Monal S: First of all, your Git is not working. Can you see .git? Git is not recognized. Why is it saying git rock not recognized?
Pandiselvam: Yeah, even… I was stuck here, it's a…
Monal S: Because you need to restart your system, or… okay, try to open terminal, open terminal, open… open Git Bash in terminal.
Monal S: No, no, run this alone. Search the application of terminal, just search, not Git Pash, just search terminal.
Monal S: That would be that.
Monal S: Yeah, press enter, that is command prompt is your terminal.
Monal S: Command prompt is… Type, get here.
Monal S: GIT.
Monal S: G-I-T.
Pandiselvam: In the last.
Monal S: 18.
Pandiselvam: Is it right, sir? Get, space, G-I-T?
Monal S: G-I-T. Only G-I-T.
Monal S: Why you have GATT on this album?
Pandiselvam: One minute. Okay.
Monal S: It is working, but you need to restart your VS code.
Pandiselvam: Okay, okay, thank you.
Monal S: restart VS Code, then follow the instruction, where is, where is your repository in the GitHub? Can you show me?
Pandiselvam: Why?
Monal S: You create it in the repository, empty repository in the GitHub, where is it?
Pandiselvam: So, GitHub, I need to go to the prepository here, sir, in the profile, inside the GitHub.
Monal S: Have you created any repository yet?
Pandiselvam: No, not a created episode. See, if you.
Monal S: create a repository, you… GitHub will tell you what are the codes you are supposed to write.
Monal S: Okay. Okay? And then you will be done. I will share my screen, but this is… see. I am…
Monal S: A little disappointed that
Monal S: You are not falling everything, you are falling on the screen. See, once we get any error, we are not supposed to work on the error, because I will be there on the doubt session. Are you able to understand? If you focus on the error, then we are going to focus on the class. You will waste your 3-hour hours, right?
Monal S: Are you able to understand?
Monal S: Hello?
Pandiselvam: Yes, sir, yes, yeah.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: So…
Monal S: The first thing is, this is the same exact code I copied from the Git. I will suggest you to start from very scratch. You have Git installed.
Pandiselvam: Yep, I will give you some tasks for you, okay? Okay.
Monal S: install Git. You already done it.
Monal S: Go to GitHub.
Monal S: Create a repository.
Monal S: Copy every code, you… C, and…
Monal S: From the…
Pandiselvam: You're good.
Monal S: income?
Pandiselvam: Coffee, everything.
Monal S: you see from the GitHub to Notepad.
Monal S: Okay, next is…
Monal S: A project in your system, or file, Create a project or folder.
Monal S: Inside it, you will keep files.
Monal S: Yes?
Pandiselvam: Yes.
Monal S: Open the folder, with terminal.
Monal S: Then do git init, initialize it, Add all the files, Then what will you do?
Monal S: you will write some kind of a message, git commit hyphen m, that
Monal S: You can write any message, like, padding files.
Monal S: Okay? Okay. Then, you will see some code
Monal S: You, you can write these two codes.
Monal S: But this one will be your email address.
Pandiselvam: smiling.
Monal S: you are… Username of the GitHub, okay?
Pandiselvam: Okay. Then what you will do, git branch hyphen M.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: Then next, what you will do, this will be your URL. When you are going to copy it, this is…
Monal S: This URL will be your Git URL, okay? And if you don't know what is your URL, I told you in this step, copy every code you see from the GitHub. In that one, you will find the same exact code, but it will have your URL. Make sure that you are copying the code from
Monal S: git remote one, okay? Git remote add origin, and it will have URL, GitHub URL, okay?
Pandiselvam: Okay.
Monal S: When you will look at gush hyphen your origin menu.
Monal S: And when you do this, it will ask you to do, the registration, sign up, automatically, okay?
Pandiselvam: Okay.
Monal S: Are we clear?
Monal S: These are the steps, that is your homework.
Pandiselvam: Yeah, yes, sir. Actually, after that, right, the folder creation and all, I know that, but the thing is, initially, the GitHub login itself, I got stuck up, so I couldn't follow the remaining steps.
Monal S: See, in the GitHub login, you were stuck, but your Git was not even working. How were you stuck in login?
Pandiselvam: Yes, yes, that's the reason I couldn't follow the.
Monal S: So, that Git login comes after this. You were here after this. You didn't… you were here after installing Git.
Pandiselvam: Hmm.
Monal S: Login comes at this part.
Monal S: I agree, yeah? And see, it is totally fine. If you're stuck somewhere, I will suggest you to just wait, because it's a software.
Pandiselvam: That's one.
Monal S: whatever concepts I taught you in the class, you lost all of this, right? You have to watch the recordings to learn it again.
Pandiselvam: Yes.
Monal S: whenever you have some… any kind of issue in software, just leave the keyboard. Just listen to me, what I'm trying to do, at least you will understand more. Are you able to understand?
Pandiselvam: Yeah, yeah, now I'm…
Monal S: Okay.
Pandiselvam: Yeah. Thanks.
Monal S: Nursing, yeah, you're welcome.
Monal S: Alright, then we have Surya.
Monal S: Surya?
Surya Battula: Hi.
Monal S: Hey, Sylvia, yes.
Surya Battula: Hey.
Surya Battula: I'm pretty new to… I just joined as.
Surya Battula: So, I think I really, don't know, like, it looks like the way to start and where to start.
Monal S: You are the one who is facing issue with interpreter and other things, right?
Surya Battula: No, not me, I think that one.
Monal S: Not your thing. Oh, maybe someone else.
Monal S: Oh, it is Sahed. Okay. Yes, so… yes, how can I help you, Suhya?
Surya Battula: Like, okay, so, okay, so if you can think about, like, this one, like, pandas, probably I was not able to… I had to go through, like, from the beginning, but I just started with the Git as a fresh, because it looks like a new concept.
Surya Battula: Okay, this is a new concept.
Monal S: Yes, yeah, yes.
Surya Battula: Yeah, I loaded that, the software, and then, I can see that Git Bash and everything. Then I went to the VS Code. I have created, like, some kind of, like, an environment previously, so I was trying to…
Surya Battula: run the first command like a git init, it's… I can see some kind of an error, so it is, like, the Git… the term git is not recognized as the name of… And Git is not recognized, it means Git is not loaded successfully in your system.
Monal S: Okay?
Monal S: So, it means you need to restart your VS Code.
Surya Battula: I did that one again, yeah.
Monal S: Okay, can you… can you join as a panelist?
Monal S: Sayed, I will help you, don't worry. Okay.
Surya Battula: Okay… So, do you need to share the screen? Okay.
Surya Battula: Okay.
Surya Battula: Okay, so here it is.
Surya Battula: Can you see my screen now?
Monal S: Can you open Terminal separately, not in VS Code? Can you open terminal?
Surya Battula: I ran the commands like what you told to him previously.
Monal S: You're right, good.
Surya Battula: Yes, it is then, actually.
Monal S: It is working here.
Surya Battula: Yes, yeah, I just ran this, checking it, and then I…
Monal S: Maybe you have to restart. Did you restart your system?
Monal S: entire system? Okay, maybe I can do it. Yeah, sometimes, see, it does not get reflected in the current application.
Surya Battula: Okay.
Monal S: Okay? Sometimes, if it still doesn't work, then I will be able to help you by adding the path or something, okay? We can check it.
Surya Battula: And, this, yeah. You see, this one was, like, a… I… I was looking through some videos of that.
Monal S: And make sure that, right now you have .vnv in the project, right? If you do get in it here, without the gitignore file, it is going to add hundreds and thousands of files into the GitHub, because of .vnv.
Surya Battula: I think I am in that, right now, in the Ragon notebook, here.
Monal S: Okay, then it is fine, then it will not do that, yeah. I will later tell you that how to exclude the files which we don't want to update on the GitHub, okay?
Surya Battula: Yeah, I see that, actually, when you showed… when you were teaching, right, I thought of, like, it was everything, then I just… that's why I put it into that notebook, only… I have only one file, I have it here.
Surya Battula: This file was, like, some kind of, like…
Monal S: They were not… yeah, yeah.
Surya Battula: Dumping.
Monal S: Yes, ma'am.
Surya Battula: Yeah, and yeah, this… yeah, I was watching some YouTube, like, Krish, so I… that make me join in this class, so…
Monal S: Right. Yes, nothing does occur.
Surya Battula: Doing something.
Monal S: Don't worry, I know at the start it will feel overwhelming, because there are a lot of things that you need to worry, but I will suggest you to join live classes a little late, because if you start from here and also doing the wash, you will be stuck in, I don't know, but I want to learn it.
Monal S: Are we getting my point?
Monal S: Complete a big chunk of the initial classes, then if you feel confident, or complete things as fast as possible.
Monal S: Okay? I will suggest you to complete Krisha's Python playlist, not mine. Mine is pretty large. And if you don't understand some concept, note it down, and then watch in the live classes recording, the part that you don't understand.
Monal S: Okay?
Surya Battula: Okay.
Monal S: You know where the notion is, right?
Surya Battula: I think I see in your dish… Resources. Show in the resources. I think our… your… someone is asking today, where is that entire syllabus?
Monal S: It is present in your… it is present, actually, in… when you open the course, right? You will see three sections. You will see where live recordings are. You will also see miscellaneous section, okay? In Miscellaneous, if you click on that, Mentor 1 Reference, you will be able to find the link, okay?
Surya Battula: Oh, under the misleading. I have seen the feed, workshops, courses, live up.
Monal S: No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Surya Battula: Yeah, that's why.
Monal S: in your codes. If you have it open, if you have learned.krishnahadme.com currently open, I guess that's how I can execute it.
Surya Battula: Okay, I, yeah.
Monal S: I mean, I will help with this.
Surya Battula: Okay, it's here.
Monal S: Okay.
Surya Battula: anything.
Monal S: You have 8 areas. Yes, click on the course, click on Ultimate Data Science 2.0.
Monal S: Click on 2.0 course? 2.0, 2.2.
Surya Battula: 2.0, okay, here it is, okay.
Monal S: And then click on Continue.
Surya Battula: Okay.
Monal S: All right.
Monal S: So here, I'll be able to see three sections. Get Started, Miscellaneous, and Life section, on the very right side.
Surya Battula: Okay, got it, okay, yeah.
Monal S: Miscellaneous is on the second, click on Miscellaneous.
Monal S: Click on Mentor 1 Preference.
Monal S: And then you will see one link in the center of the screen. Quick Resource Reference. This is notion link, okay?
Surya Battula: Oh, okay. And here, if you see at the very end of the Notion link, can you scroll, you can see date-wise what topics I've covered is present here.
Monal S: So, if you watch something from Chris's YouTube playlist, because what I… why I want you to watch YouTube first, because it has short content, right? I want to get things as fast, and if you don't understand something, you want to understand something in more depth, then come to the live classes and watch 2x, watch it at 2x, 2.5x, whatever is your liking, okay?
Surya Battula: Yeah, my coding was gone, like, very long, so I think that's the reason, one other thing, I just need to start from ABC, so that's why…
Monal S: Because if you join live, you will always be stuck in this, like, I'm not able to understand it. You will feel demotivated. So complete this big chunk fast.
Surya Battula: No, I think I'll try, like, my best, actually, so… That's good, that's good. Yeah. See, this is like a… yeah, I think every day this class is, like, again, 4 hours, something normally like that.
Monal S: No, on Wednesday, it is 2 hours without doubt sessions.
Surya Battula: Okay.
Monal S: And in Saturday and Sunday, we have down session lasts one hour, but classes is, like, two and a half hour, two…
Surya Battula: Yeah.
Monal S: Maximum 3 hours, because at the last hour, I take, like, doubts.
Surya Battula: No doubts. Okay, yeah, this is, like, something almost 1 o'clock for me today, in the midnight.
Monal S: Here it is also… oh, in the mind.
Surya Battula: Yeah.
Monal S: Okay, okay, yeah, yeah, you can take, you can take Rasso, yeah, okay?
Surya Battula: Okay, yeah, okay, thanks, Manalia. I'll give it a try, and then I'll check with you.
Monal S: Sure.
Surya Battula: That's true.
Monal S: video.
Surya Battula: Yep, thank you.
Monal S: Awesome, thank you.
Monal S: Alright, and then we have Sahit. Sahid?
Monal S: please join as a panelist. PK and FFCS1, guys, if you have really a query that you want me to answer today, please stay. Otherwise, I will answer it for you tomorrow.
Monal S: It's already 124.
Monal S: Okay, Saihan?
Monal S: Eddie, share your screen?
Monal S: Anthony?
Monal S: It's just level 1. Where is the V and V? Okay, I'm able to… you can unmute yourself, Saya.
Monal S: I will be able to better understand you. Please unmute yourself.
Monal S: And why are you using Internet Explorer Edge?
Monal S: I know, Edge is included in some things, but okay.
Sahed: Sorry, I was on mute, I was not mute.
Monal S: Yeah, sure. Alright.
Sahed: Yeah, so I just wanted to show the folder structure, what I have done. So, this is the first folder, is learning, and after that, practice life.
Sahed: And after that, Level 1.
Sahed: So, here, I have created my environment.
Monal S: ENV, and you have adjusted.
Sahed: And the lectures here. So, the same structure. So, what I was trying to do is here is…
Sahed: I just came, like, live here, and I was trying to activate my,
Sahed: environment, so that is a normal step which I was doing.
Monal S: And…
Sahed: So, this is entered here, so now I'm already into… it's activated now.
Monal S: Guaranteed.
Sahed: Now, when I'm coming to here, it is showing select kernel. When I click here, Python environment, it is install Python, it is showing here.
Monal S: Click on… oh, wait, wait, wait. Can you go back?
Sahed: Okay.
Monal S: Click on, click on Python Environments again.
Monal S: Patrick?
Monal S: Which version of Windows you are in? Are you in the latest, or different one?
Sahed: No, not the latest one.
Sahed: I think we're just 10.
Monal S: That's why things are looking like it yesterday.
Monal S: Okay, that's great, okay? I think I've pasted some of the code there, so…
Sahed: Is this the one you was phoning?
Monal S: You tried both of them, right?
Sahed: Yes, I tried already these things.
Sahed: So, the issue what I'm facing is, like, it is unable to detect the Python. It is, every time it is saying, fail to recognize the Python letter, if I'm trying to install.
Monal S: Give me a second.
Sahed: Sure.
Monal S: Let me check.
Monal S: Okay, can you do Ctrl-Shift plus B?
Sahed: Yes.
Monal S: And then, let's click on, can you write Python? Write Python?
Monal S: And then write… refresh.
Sahed: Space refresh.
Sahed: Nothing is coming later.
Monal S: Okay. Just go to, remove refresh.
Monal S: Select interpreter.
Monal S: Enter integrated path.
Monal S: Keep going.
Sahed: This one?
Monal S: Redone, yeah, select now.
Sahed: It is saying here, this message, actually, I'm getting routine.
Monal S: We do.
Monal S: In the terminal, can you write Python? I think in the Python, it should be working in the terminal. Just write Python, P-Y-T-H-O.
Sahed: Yeah, Python is dash.
Monal S: Python is loading here, right?
Sahed: Yes.
Monal S: Interesting, we have not faced, because… Who knows?
Sahed: And in internet, I found there was an option, in setting this option also, the settings file. So I just tried that way also, but it didn't work.
Monal S: We're trying to check it.
Monal S: Can you add the same settings? Just wait, okay? I am pasting one command and try to paste the same setting that I've presented in the community. Just paste everything.
Monal S: But this is… this will be your…
Sahed: Okay, sorry, can you repeat again? Which one to paste?
Monal S: In the community, in the community, on the community.
Sahed: Okay.
Sahed: Just give me a second.
Monal S: No, it was there in the previous one.
Monal S: Oh, this is motion.
Sahed: No, there shouldn't.
Monal S: He was there in the other tent.
Monal S: Yeah, the first one.
Sahed: Okay, yep.
Monal S: Open the messages.
Sahed: I'll be patient.
Monal S: Everything, and try to paste this there.
Monal S: Also, the environment is different, right? Just a bit of the environment.
Sahed: So, should I need to select the Python interpreter here, anything?
Monal S: Yeah, click on there.
Monal S: Dispute.
Monal S: Let's save this file, and what… let's do one thing. Let's delete level 1 EMB.
Sahed: Okay, okay.
Monal S: Save this season.
Sahed: Yeah, it is sip now.
Sahed: It is not a queen.
Sahed: Okay, you want me to delete the environment?
Monal S: Also, close the terminal, because in terminal, you have it open, right? That environment is activated. It will not delete.
Monal S: Okay. Exit, yeah, click on exit, EXIT.
Monal S: When you select the interpreter now, if you…
Monal S: Like, press Ctrl, then it will exit.
Monal S: Press Ctrl-Z.
Sahed: Yeah.
Monal S: Now let's… can you try again, that level 1 ENV scripts Python? Let's paste it, the data better path again. Let's try it again.
Sahed: Okay, interpret Father in?
Monal S: impact.
Sahed: Nope.
Monal S: Now, yeah, delete, delete this level 1 E and B.
Monal S: Just create UV.
Monal S: Just do QBB and V.
Sahed: I'll create a new tenure.
Monal S: Yeah, yeah, yes.
Monal S: UV, UV.
Sahed: Okay, sorry.
Monal S: No, no, don't write any name. Don't write any name for now. Okay. Okay? Let's do UVN before.
Monal S: And, Let's click on, let's restart the VS Code again, let's see what happens.
Monal S: Okay.
Sahed: Before activating, or do I.
Monal S: Yeah, no need to activate. In terminal, because we're not running Python. VS Code is there to affect you.
Sahed: So I'll just close and reopen.
Sahed: Yes.
Monal S: Let's wait for the notebook to open, detecting kernels.
Monal S: Let's see if it detects or not.
Monal S: Just wait a minute.
Monal S: It is loading or detecting kernels, right?
Sahed: Yes.
Monal S: Yes, it is fine.
Monal S: So…
Sahed: Yeah, and then another came here.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: Now can you, in the terminal, can you activate the UV?
Sahed: Okay, no need to add.
Monal S: Just do UV add IPY karma.
Monal S: Just write command UV add IPY kernel.
Monal S: Okay, it will not work then.
Monal S: And what you should do…
Monal S: Activate the environment.
Monal S: Okay. TK and FFCS1, do you have the installation issue also?
Monal S: PK and FFCS1.
Monal S: Guys…
Monal S: PK and FFC as well. Guys, at least answer something in the chat.
Monal S: last step of GitHub not working. What was the last step of FCS1?
Monal S: Then there is some issue with science at work.
Monal S: What is the last step of GitHub? Okay.
Monal S: Tk, what is your issue?
Monal S: PK?
Monal S: CS1, if you say above mentioned, let me share you what I have in above.
Monal S: Git push hyphen origin main, RES does not match any field to push.
Monal S: That's that as well.
Monal S: At least not be sure to get the same things.
Monal S: At FCS1, can you please join us as a panelist?
Monal S: And please share.
Monal S: FFC as well?
Monal S: EK, you are the first one. I will talk with FCS on next.
Monal S: DK, what is the query?
pk: Yeah, hello. Hi, sir.
Monal S: Hey, PK. Yeah, I've been asking you the chat DK, what is your query?
pk: Yeah, actually, this is my second class, so… Oh.
Monal S: Yes, welcome.
Monal S: Are you trying to… have you completed any of the previous parts?
pk: Yeah, I'm, trying to, going through the, previous videos. So, actually, I am lagging behind that, VS Code, that Pandas, and, this,
pk: installation of Pandas, because I'm getting some issues on that, so…
Monal S: What is you are getting?
pk: Actually, I wanted to use, like, Pandas and this NumPy in, like, a single, like, functions, so…
Monal S: That's concerts?
pk: Like, what I wanted to use.
pk: Like, like, how I installed that, I can.
Monal S: Please join as a panelist, PK?
pk: Okay, I'm sharing my screen.
Monal S: Let's see…
Monal S: Tell me what we're trying to do, what is looking for.
pk: Yeah. So, I have created, two folders here in, documents, okay? One is company, and one is Panda, so I wanted to use here.
Monal S: Damn.
pk: Hi, this, this, this is…
Monal S: available in your project? Are those two folders available in the Pandas app?
Monal S: No ride?
pk: No, no, no.
Monal S: So, how can you use it?
Monal S: See, test.p web, probably you can use it, but your environment itself is present, your… inside your project, you should have PandaZap and NumPy up inside the project. See this?
Monal S: Your folder structure is incorrect.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: You can still use it, but that part I have not taught you how to system.password append.
Monal S: What I will suggest to you, create a project folder, let's say you want to create project one, or if you're doing studying, do study one.
Monal S: Inside it, create that pandas folder that you have, yes. Inside that, you have numpy, yes. And then, you will have .VENV, and then you have .py file, from which you will try to import things.
Monal S: This is how you shouldn't do it.
pk: Dear.
Monal S: Are you able to understand?
pk: Because, see, all of your modules, these are modules, these are modules part of your project.
Monal S: It is inside your project. I have not taught you that if the module is outside your project, how you should do it. That is also not the recommended way, but for now, your Python file should be able to access from the current directory this, this, this. But what are you trying to do here?
Monal S: You are inside Pandas. Inside this Pandas, you have VENV, and you have PYFN.
Monal S: And once… and you also have… and you try to open this in VScript.
Monal S: Right?
pk: Yes.
Monal S: Okay, so OpenVS Code… okay, I think you will be able to do… you have the same structure?
Monal S: Do you have the same structure?
Monal S: No, I'm talking about this part. Do you have the same structure like this?
Monal S: You don't know?
pk: Yeah, yeah, yes.
Monal S: Show me, show me.
Monal S: Yeah, actually, I don't… No, you have… you have VNV inside Pandas. Are you able to see that?
Monal S: But it is fine. Okay, where is the function? Where is the function of bundles?
Monal S: Okay, where is the function of pandas?
Monal S: intest.py.
Monal S: Are you confused, PK? Do you want me to help you?
Monal S: Different…
pk: Yeah, I'm… I'm getting… I'm not getting… not able to hear properly, actually.
Monal S: You are not able to hear me?
pk: Yeah, now I'm… now I'm able to hear you, yeah.
Monal S: Now, tell me first exactly what you want to do.
pk: Ugh.
Monal S: What files you want to bring, what functions you want to bring, talk in terms of that, okay?
pk: Yeah, actually, yeah, as you told, I wanted to, practice, NumPy and Pandas, okay?
Monal S: So… Yes? What you're not able to practice? I can see all the code here. What is the actual issue?
pk: Here is, I am, in this, in this, structure, you are saying that, just I'm using the pandas only, right? When I'm trying.
Monal S: No, you… no, Pandas is… what is Pandas? Pandas is a folder, or Pandas is a library?
pk: They're able to use fundas.
Monal S: So what is the issue you're getting? And why can't you use NumPy here? If you do import NumPy as empty, you will use NumPy.
pk: Okay.
pk: Okay, okay. Yeah, let me try.
Monal S: as NP, just do import numpy as NP and practice here.
Monal S: But I'm not able to understand why you are creating this folder structure. Pandas app, and then you have NumPy app. Why have you created two different folders for Pandas and NumPy? Pandas and NumPy is just a library, right? PK?
pk: Yeah, yeah, yes.
Monal S: Yes, so why are you creating two folders? Nay, I'm just asking, don't be scared or something. I'm just… I just want to understand what is your thought behind it.
pk: Yeah, actually, this is my second class, so.
Monal S: You started already with pandas in NumPy.
Monal S: You guys are fired up?
pk: Yeah, yeah, because I am, like, yeah, that basic part I was, like, learning, earlier, so…
Monal S: So, it means you have not completed it. Right now, you are… the concepts of modules and packages is not that clear to you.
pk: Are you clear?
Monal S: So?
pk: Yeah.
Monal S: It is good, learning library is good, but until unless the pandas… see, this is not about pandas or NumPy, this is about your folder structure, importing things, what I should be able to import, what I should not be able to import is something different.
Monal S: Are you clear?
Monal S: So, if you know Python, I will not suggest you to learn Python from zero, but start at least the modules and Packages class, okay? PK?
Monal S: There is a concept of Python modules and packages. Try to learn from it, understand what we can do, what we cannot improve, because the folder structure currently is not that good.
pk: Okay, okay.
Monal S: Okay? Then do it, then comes to Pandas and NumPy, alright?
pk: Okay, yeah. One, one more suggestion, sir. Actually, just know you, you're just advising someone, right, to learn, from some, like, not through that, that our classes, some, like, Christians are.
Monal S: you're the playlist.
pk: Playlist, yeah.
Monal S: See, that is for FastTrack if you want to do.
Monal S: Okay.
pk: Okay,
Monal S: Huh? Anything else?
pk: No, no, yeah, I'm good now, yeah.
Monal S: Thank you.
pk: Thank you.
Monal S: Alrighty.
Monal S: FFCS1?
Monal S: Yeah, unload?
ffcs1: Yes, hi, Monal, how are you?
Monal S: I'm doing good, yes.
ffcs1: Firstly, thank you, thank you today for your, the summaries that you've given.
ffcs1: That was very, very, enlightening to kind of, get the overview every time Especially for Git, GitHub.
ffcs1: So, that made it clear, and then the commands that you gave, so I've done, yes, now to get to the point, I've done, the commands, and I'm on the final command, where I did a git push dash origin main.
ffcs1: Maybe we will be able to check something. Yeah.
ffcs1: How do I share my screen? There's a green screen?
Monal S: there is a green button, if you open Zoom, you'll be able to see green button, share button.
ffcs1: Sure, yes, yes.
Monal S: Can I share your screen?
ffcs1: So I'll share my VS Code script.
Monal S: That's where you're hiding the.
ffcs1: Second.
ffcs1: I can share two screens in.
ffcs1: So this… can you see my VS Code?
Monal S: Yes, I can see where it is, good. Okay. So you are getting failed to push some refs, right?
ffcs1: Yes, yes. Okay.
Monal S: It means, because your GitHub repo has files like, okay, can you open your GitHub repository?
Monal S: I will tell you what is the issue.
Monal S: Can you open GitHub repository?
ffcs1: This is my GitHub repository, can you see?
Monal S: online rep… GitHub, this is your local repository. I'm talking about GitHub online repository.
Monal S: Where you have created.
ffcs1: Yeah, GitHub.
ffcs1: I'll have to share that screen as well.
Monal S: Please share the full screen, okay?
ffcs1: of…
Monal S: Yeah. Otherwise, it would be harder to swipe between stop sharing and sharing.
ffcs1: the github.com, browser.
Monal S: I'm not able to see it.
ffcs1: And it says you are, sharing the screen.
ffcs1: Entire screen, okay.
Monal S: Okay.
Monal S: So, I can see that you have updated the file. So, what is the issue?
ffcs1: I… I… I did this…
ffcs1: later on, so I'm not sure, but I… I can… I can do the push… should I do the push again, and .
Monal S: Do the pull first. Do the pull first. No, no, no, don't push it. Go inside the folder where you have this file. And which folder you have this file?
Monal S: Right, BS4.
ffcs1: I haven't… in VS Code, I haven't created, so that was what I was thinking, that I have not created any file, and how can I push it? Yeah.
ffcs1: So, now I've got it, so I have to create it.
ffcs1: No, but how is…
Monal S: Once it pushed, it will not push automatically until your system is hacked by someone, yeah.
ffcs1: Yeah, so no, no worries, I got it cleared, I have to create the file and do it.
Monal S: That's fine. I think you will be able to do it, but there was some confusion between what code push or something. I would suggest for practice, okay? For practice, in your.
ffcs1: Of course.
Monal S: folder in your documents, create a new folder, and create some dummy files, a.txt, a.py, create a new repository online, and try to push and pull from something.
Monal S: Alright? This error that you are getting, right, failed to push some reference, it means, you have files on online which you don't have it in local. So, you have to pull it again.
ffcs1: Pull it, okay, I've got to pull that again.
Monal S: Yeah, but first, when you create a new repository, when you create new repository, then you will never have that issue. You will start from ginit, git init, git add, git do all of that. So try to practice that so that you will be on sync, okay?
ffcs1: Sure, sure. It's just that it's been a while since I did these commands, and again, when I'm trying to do it, it's just confusing me, and then.
Monal S: I know, I know.
ffcs1: Go to practice, practice it.
Monal S: Yes, see, there are only 5-6 commands that you are going to use daily, but on that 5-6 commands, if you do it here, when you have 500 files here, different, different dates, it will be more confusing. So, just for practice, create a separate file, separate folder, and practice GitHub there. Don't practice where your notes reside.
Monal S: Okay. Good, good, good. Thank you very much. Sure, yes, yeah, you're welcome.
Monal S: Alright, so guys, everyone's doubt is cleared, and people whose doubt is not clear, you have raised hand, but for some reason, you're not here in the meeting anymore. But if you still have doubt, I will clear your doubts tomorrow, alright? So thank you very much, guys, for joining. I will see you guys tomorrow. See you, bye-bye.
Monal S: Bye, guys.